"There is that, indeed. Perhaps I should cost my trip more carefully before deciding."
"确实是的，也许我应该更仔细估算一下旅行费用然后再决定。"
"And now peace laps her round."
"现在她周围是一片安宁。"
"Are you going to give me that money? ""No way! "
"你打算把那笔钱给我吗？""决不！"
"At first he believed the painting was an original by Harris, but by careful observation he found out that it was a forgery."
＂起初他认为那幅油画是哈利斯的真迹，可是仔细一看他发现那是一件赝品。＂
"Besides, whether I am or not, " he added, "that has little or nothing to do with his thinking me ungrateful."
"况且，不管我是不是这样"，他接着说，"这和他认为我忘恩负义没有多大关系。"
"But I think differently, " chimed in one of the members.
"可是我另有想法，"其中一个成员插话说。
"Can you jump your horse over the last fence?"
"你能骑马越过最后一道杆吗？""试试看吧。"
"Come on, " said Miss Smith, "has the cat got your tongue? What have you two been up to there, may I ask? "
"喂，"史密斯小姐说"你们为什么不说话，你们俩在做什么，我能问一问吗？"
"Did I see you throw a half-smoked cigarette over the wall just now, Peter? ""What me, Sir? " he replied, the very picture of injured innocence.
"刚才我看见你把一根吸了一半的香烟扔过了墙，是吗，彼得？""我怎么了，先生？"他答道，一副受冤枉的样子。
"Do you know that Mary hasn't once driven over to see her father since he has been ill? ""I can well believe it. She always was a heartless girl."
"你知道吗？自从玛丽的父亲病了，她一次也没有开车去看他。""我相信，她原来就是一个无情无义的女孩。"
"Do you want abe or me to go with you? " Tom ask his wife.
"你想要艾贝或我跟你去吗？"汤姆问他的妻子
"Don't keep me in a state of suspense, please! If you know the results of my examination, tell me! "
"请别让人心里七上八下的；你要是知道我的考试成绩就告诉我吧！"
"Even an old book? ""I want to know what's in the book, " says Abe.
"甚至是一本旧书？""我想要知道书里有什么"，艾贝说。
"Fine day for a shoot, " Patrick said. Julian then said to them all: "Well, this is well met, what? "
"真是射猎的好天气，"帕特里克说道。接着朱利安对他们大家说："喔，幸会！你说什么来着？"
"Generally, young women like it better than older women do."
＂一般说来，青年妇女比起年长的妇女来更喜欢用Ms。。＂
"Hang it!" he shouted, when he saw his train had already gone.
"真见鬼！"他见到要赶的火车已经开走时大声嚷道。
"He bought his angry wife a gift, but she refused to be mollified."
＂他买了一件礼物给生气的妻子，但她不肯就此息怒。＂
"He offered my400 pounds." "Straight up?" "Straight up!"
"他出价400英镑。""真的？""千真万确。"
"Hello, who's speaking, please?"
喂！请问您是谁啊？
"Hold the line, please."
请不要挂断电话机！
"How did your two lads do in their maths contest? ""The youngster came out pretty well, but poor old Jim was nowhere.
"你的两个孩子这次数学竞赛考得怎么样？""小的一个考得不错，但是大的一个，就是那个可怜的吉姆，却考得很糟。
"How're you coming along on Einstein?"" It's just starting to clear up a bit."
"爱因斯坦的书你读得怎样了？""刚开始读懂。"
"I can go to the store and be back in five minutes, " bragged Tom. "Just watch my dust."
汤姆夸口说："我能在五分钟内到那家商店并赶回来。等着瞧我有多快吧。"
"I don't have any hopes that the new Cabinet will bring any changes, " said Masaki Nagase, a35-year-old office worker, "What we need is to remove that Prime Minister."
三十五岁的上班族长濑正树表示："我并不期望新内阁会带来任何改变，我们真正需要的是换掉首相。"
"I have a bad headache." "Join the club; I have one, too."
"我头痛得厉害。""这不光是你一个！我也一样。"
"I hope you will keep silence while I am out of the room,"
教师说："我不在教重的时候，希望你们大家保持肃静。"
"I really can't decide what to do." "No more can I."
"我真的不能决定要做什么。""我也不能。"
"I thought you were going shopping." "It's a woman's privilege to change her mind."
"我本以为你要去买东西呢？""改变主意是女人的特权嘛。"
"I wouldn't have had the courage to say that." "No more would Jack if he hadn't had a few drinks before hand."
"我当时可能不会有勇气说出那件事。""杰克要是不事先喝几杯酒也不可能说。"
"I'll not deceive you, Mrs. Brown, " the officer said. "The girl is a good worker but if you were to leave money or valuables lying about she'd steal them as soon as look at you."
"我不骗你，布朗夫人，"那位警察说道。"这个姑娘干活是把好手，但是如果你把钱或贵重物品放在周围，她随时都会偷的。"
"I'm quite willing to do as I say-just bring the children down into the Hall, and you can hover about among the back row." "Anything for a quiet life, " she said.
"我很愿意照我说的话做-把孩子们领下大厅来，而你跟在后面走。""就按你说的办吧。"她说道。
"I've got two tickets for the fashion show. Would you like to go with me? ""Will a duck swim? "
"我有两张时装表演的票。愿和我一起去吗？""当然愿意啦。"
"If we get caught with the jewels, I hope we're not hauled up before the same judge who dealt with us last time." said the old thief.
"我们偷珠宝要是被抓住，我希望别碰上上次审问我们的那个法官再审问我们。"老贼说。
"Ignore the child if he misbehaves, and he'll soon stop."
＂小孩不乖时，别去理他，不久他就会不闹了。＂
"Is this new man funny, then? ""Funny! The way he tells jokes will knock them in the aisles."
"那么，新来的这个人滑稽吗？""滑稽！他讲笑话的方式能使观众笑得前仰后合！"
"It was probably one of those champagne-type sparkling wines they gave you." "No, it wasn't. It was the genuine article."
"这很可能是他们给你的那些香槟型的汽酒中的一种。""不，这可是真货。"
"It's too expensive." "Too expensive, my eye! I know you can afford it! "
"这太贵了。""太贵了，胡扯！我知道你能买得起！"
"Knock the powder out of the tin gently. We don't want it all over the room."
"从罐子里倒粉出来要轻点。我们不得搞得满屋都是粉。"
"Let's go to the cinema tonight." "You took the words right out of my mouth; I was thinking of that."
"我们今晚去看电影吧。""你说出了我的想法，我正在这么考虑。"
"Make yourself comfortable, I'll see if I can rustle up a few sandwiches."
"别客气！我看看能不能弄几份三明治。"
"Meeting now-- time for our meeting! "
现在开会了－－是开会的时间了！
"My dog can speak7 languages,"--" No, you're putting me on!"
"我的狗会说7种语言。"－－"不可能，你在骗我！"
"No, the damned Customs took it." John said, and as he had a gulp of the whisky he added, "Devil take them! "
"不，是该死的海关人员把它拿走的。"约翰说，他呷下一大口威士忌酒后又加上一句："见他们的鬼去吧！"
"Of course he will get a higher salary eventually." "If or when he qualifies."
"他终当然会拿到更高的薪水。""那要看他什么时候有这个资格。"
"Once, however, Big Ben failed to give the correct time."
＂不过，有一次`大本钟＇报错了时间。＂
"Perhaps it's time we were leaving." "Speak for yourselves, darlings!"
我们恐怕该走了。"小宝宝们，别把包括在内"。
"Rain" and "reign" are pronounced the same.
rain和reign的发音相同。
"She said she didn't come because she'd lost our address." "Well, that's a thin excuse! She knows a lot of people who could have told her."
"她说她没来是因为把我们的地址弄丢了。""嗯，那只不过是个由头！他认识很多人，他们是可以告诉她的。"
"So there you are, old chap, still in the land of the living, eh? " he said.
他说："老兄，原来你在这里，你还活着吗，呃？"
"Suppose you wanted to remember the name of a poet-- Robert Burns, for instance." She told us to think of him as Bobby Burns.
"假定你要记住一个诗人的名字--例如，要记住罗伯特·彭斯的名字。"她告诉我们把他当作博比·彭斯。
"That sounds for all the world like a lark, " she said in amazement.
她惊奇地说："那听上去真像一只云雀。"
"The Swedes got the best of us." Captain Clark Donatelli said. "Their team couldn't beat us, but their referee sure did."
"瑞典人占了我们的上风，"队长多纳塔利说。"他们球队打不赢我们，可是他们的裁判的确把我们打败了。
"The facts, Bob, the facts! " Thomas cut in. There was an edge to his voice.
"摆出事实来，鲍勃，提出事实来！"托马斯打断道，他有点生气了。
"The meeting seemed to be endless, but I extricated myself by saying I had to catch a plane."
＂会议好象没完没了，不过我说我得赶飞机，才得以脱身。＂
"The price is too high, and moreover, the house isn't in a suitable position."
＂房价太高，而且房屋的地点也不太合适。＂
"The wind was strong all day, but it moderated in the evening."
＂一整天来风都刮得很厉害，但到傍晚时有所减弱了。＂
"There's not going to be any wedding," I told him. "It's off."
我告诉他，"婚礼将不举行，己经取消了。"
"This well-known linguistic learned tribal languages in the field, not from books in the library."
＂这位著名的语言学家是在实地学会部落语言，而不是在图书馆的书籍上学会的。＂
"True" and" false" have opposite meanings.
"真"与"假"有着相反的意思。
"We can't go to the show now, " he said, and sounded very sorry.
他带着抱歉的口吻说："我们现在，能去看演出了。"
"We were flung together by the war", said the official.
那位官员说："战争使我们相会"。
"Well, we'd better get started and stop fiddling about."
＂喂，我们最好开始吧，别再闲逛了。＂
"What do the children do with themselves during the holidays? "
"孩子们在假期做些什么有益活动？"
"What schoolboy of fourteen is ignorant of this remarkable circumstance"(Macaulay).
"十四岁的学生在这件值得注意的事件中会忽略掉什么呢？"（麦考莉）
"When a student's family is not rich, he has to earn money for part of his college expenses."
＂学生家庭如果不富裕，这个学生就得挣钱以弥补部分大学费用。＂
"Where is George?" "Gone off home to lick his wounds, I expect. You were pretty severe with him."
"乔治在哪儿？""我想他是回家自我安慰去了。你对他太严厉了一点儿。"
"Why are you crying? " "I can't help it."
"你怎么哭了？""我控制不住呀！"
"Will Fred go with his father?" "No, he's not about to."
"弗雷德和他父亲一起去吗？""不，他不打算去。"
"Xiao Liu! " He cried. But she was gone.
他叫道："小刘！"但她已经不在了。
"You can see Earth Commander now, " she said coldly. "But you're going to be sorry! "
"你们现在可以去见地球司令了，"她冷冰冰地说，"可你们会后悔的！"
"You remember, Fleur? The young Englishman I met at Mount Vernon." "Ships that pass in the night! " said Fleur.
"芙勒，你记得我在维农山遇见的那位英国青年吗？"芙勒回答道："是偶然相遇罢了！"
"You're an astounding card, " he said staring. "I shall come and hear your sermons if they're as amusing as your manners."
"你真是个妙人，"他凝视着说。"要是你的讲道像你的行为那么有趣，我倒要来听听。"
"…I will speak daggers to her, but use none…"(Shakespeare, Hamlet)
"……我要用利剑一样的话刺痛她的心，但决不是真用利剑……"
as a reply or confirmation
用作答语或表示赞同用语
17 Congressmen were absent at the Congressional roll call.
国会点名时发现有17个议员缺席。
4-7-1-7. One moment, please.
4－7－1－7，请稍等。
A British volunteer cavalry force organized in1761 to serve as a home guard and later incorporated into the Territorial Army.
义勇骑兵成立于1761年的一支英国志愿骑兵队，保卫本国安全，后被并入本土军队
A Civil War buff.
一个国内战争迷
A French manor house.
法国的庄园建筑
A Japanese battle cry or patriotic cheer.
万岁日本人在进攻时的呐喊或爱国的欢呼；
A Mongol or Mongolian.
一个蒙古人或蒙古语
A President of the United States is inaugurated every four years.
美国总统的就职典礼每四年举行一次。
A Smugglear
走私犯
A Vatican diplomatic envoy or representative ranking just beneath a nuncio.
罗马教廷公使职位低于罗马教皇使节的梵蒂冈的外交使者或代表
A background accompaniment, as for a performer.
伴奏为一个演奏者配音伴奏
A bad piece of news.
一条令人不快的新闻
A baggage checker.
行李寄存处管理员
A ball so thrown.
这样投出的球
A bankable movie star.
富有票房率的电影明星
A bare word will be enough for me.
对我来说，只要一句话就行了。
A base metal.
一块不纯的金属
A bath towel splashed with blue and green
有绿色和蓝色大花的浴巾
A beautiful corner-kick!
好一个漂亮的角球！
A belief that moral or spiritual perfection can be achieved by people in this life.
完美主义信仰在生命中相信人生可以达到道德或精神的完美境界
A benign tumor, most often found in the heart, that is composed of connective tissue embedded in mucus.
粘液瘤一种良性肿瘤，最常见于心脏，它由黏液里的胶状结缔组织构成
A biblical patriarch said to have lived969 years.
玛士撒拉基督教圣经中人物，据传享年969岁
A big dog come running round the corner, cannon into him, and knock him over.
一只大狗由街角跑来，撞上他，把他撞倒了。
A bill intended to boost local charities.
一项意在刺激地方慈善事业增长的议案
A bipartisan resolution.
两党共同支持的决议
A bit of oil and some paint could give that old bike a new lease of life.
给那辆旧自行车上点儿油和漆，就能多骑些日子。
A black hen lays a white egg.
黑鸡照样下白蛋。
A blanket fabric made of low-grade woolen cloth with a nap on both sides.
粗厚起绒呢料用低档羊毛布料制成的，两侧有绒毛的制毯织物
A blood-curdling cry, scream, story
令人毛骨悚然的叫喊声、尖叫声、故事
A blow, such as one delivered with a stick.
打，击一击，如用棍子打一下
A board perforated with a pattern of holes into which pegs can be fitted for playing certain games.
小钉板一种用木钉可塞入的孔做成花样的用来玩游戏的板
A boat with an outboard motor.
尾挂机船装有舷外发动机的船
A body of qualified voters.
选举人合格选举人的总称
A bolt having a looped head designed to receive a hook or rope.
有眼螺栓带有圆圈头的螺栓，用来接钩子或绳子
A book containing the choral portions of the Mass.
弥撒升阶圣歌集包括弥撒音乐部分的祈书
A book or bound collection of maps, sometimes with supplementary illustrations and graphic analyses.
地图册，图表集将地图装订而成的书册，有时附有增补说明或图表分析
A booklet containing problems and exercises that a student may work directly on the pages.
练习册一本包括问题和练习的小册子，学生可直接做在上面
A borough of northeast-central Pennsylvania on the Susquehanna River opposite Wilkes-Barre. It is mainly residential. Population, 15,681.
金斯顿宾夕法尼亚州中部一城市，位于偏东北萨斯奎汉纳河边，与威尔克斯－巴黑相望。它主要是居民区。人口15，681
A bout one- third of them do.
大概三分之一的人有。
A boxlike covering or enclosure.
盒式箱罩，盒式包装
A bracing tonic.
提神的补品
A brave fireman rescued the woman.
一个勇敢的消防队员救了这女人。
A breezy prose style.
风趣的散文文风
A brief melodic or harmonic unit often constituting the base for a larger phrase or structure.
音型一组短而连贯的音符或和弦构成的基本音型，经常为一更大的乐曲或结构构成基础
A brief, wavering blaze of light.
闪光短暂而摇曳的光
A brisk greeting.
尖刻的祝贺
A broken or discarded thread.
松掉的线，解开的线纠缠或混乱的线
A buck in its second year, before the antlers branch.
幼鹿双角笔直尚未生叉的两岁雄鹿
A building or collection of buildings that has machinery for manufacture; a factory.
工厂一个厂房或一组厂房，装有用来制造的机器；工厂
A built-in bed or bunk, as on a ship or a train.
舱位，卧铺位卧铺或上下铺位，如船或火车上的
A bullfighter who performs the final passes and kills the bull.
斗牛士经过最后几轮闪避后将牛杀死的斗牛士
A bus jockey; a computer jockey; a jet jockey.
公共汽车司机；电脑操作员；喷气式飞机驾驶员
A business that caters banquets and weddings.
为宴会和婚礼提供食品的服务业
A cab will be there in ten minutes.
过10分钟会有一辆出租汽车到那儿。
A call issued to party members in a lawmaking body to ensure attendance at a particular time.
组织秘书发给本党党员的通知在立法机构中传达给政党成员的一个在特定时间保证其出勤率的通知
A candle lights others and consumes itself.
蜡烛照亮别人，却毁灭了自己。
A capsule is long and thin and you'll open it up. You can also take out what's in a capsule.
而胶囊通常长而薄，你可以把它打开，把里面的药倒出来。
A car suddenly shoot out of a side road and nearly hit me.
有一辆汽车冷不防从岔道上冲出，险些撞著我。
A card or sheet of microfilm capable of accommodating and preserving a considerable number of pages, as of printed text, in reduced form.
缩微平片一个缩微胶卷片，能够以缩微形式容纳并储存相当多数量的页数，如一印刷文本的
A caress or touch with the lips.
吻用嘴唇的抚摸或接触
A case containing magnetic tape in a reel; a cassette.
盘式磁带，卡带卷盘中装有磁带的盒子；卡式磁带
A cat brushed against her leg in the darkness.
黑暗中，一只猫蹭著了她的腿。
A catalog of the animals of a specific region or period.
动物志某一特定区域或某一特定时期动物的目录册
A cause of sudden ruin.
突然毁灭的原因
A ceiling of leaves over the arbor.
凉亭上面的树叶顶篷
A centrifuge used to determine the volume of blood cells and plasma in a given sample of blood.
血球容量计，血流比容计一种离心机，用于测定所给样血中血细胞和浆细胞的容量
A certain popular teacher; felt that certain breeds did not make good pets.
的确是个受欢迎的老师；感觉上有些饲养的方式并没有培育出优良的宠物来
A challenge to a duel.
挑战要求决斗
A change in stress, pitch, loudness, or tone of the voice; an inflection of the voice.
变音在语调、音高、音量或音调上的变化；声音的一种转调
A character or other piece of information entered into a computer only to meet prescribed conditions, such as word length, and having no effect on operations.
虚设备，伪程序只满足规定条件的键入计算机的字符或其它信息，对操作毫无影响，如字长
A charge for public conveyance; fare.
运费公共运输费用；车费
A chat over coffee.
喝着咖啡聊天
A cheeky boy, remark
厚脸皮的男孩儿、言语
A chemical substance used to destroy or inhibit the growth of plants, especially weeds.
灭草剂用来摧毁或抑制植物，尤指杂草的生长的化学物质
A child may have too much of his mother's blessing.
妈妈对孩子过于溺爱，反面会惯坏孩子。
A child, especially a spoiled or ill-mannered one.
小鬼，小家伙小孩，尤指被宠坏的或举止粗鲁的小孩
A chronic, progressive lung disease caused by prolonged inhalation of asbestos particles.
石棉沉着病由长期吸收石棉微粒而引起的慢性，日趋严重的肺病
A cigarette burn in the tablecloth.
桌布上被香烟燃坏的地方
A citizen is expected to conform to the law of his country.
一个好公民应当遵从他国家的法律。
A clamor in the press for pollution control.
在报纸上对污染控制的呼吁
A classic mistake.
典型的错误
A clean, straight line.
一条整齐的直线
A clerical function that is concerned with the assembly of data file and materials required to run a program or a set of programs.
将运行一个程序或一组程序所需的资料和数据文件汇编起来的一种文书性的操作程序。
A clinic, hospital, or health care facility that treats various types of diseases and injuries.
综合性医院，多科联合诊所治疗各种类型的疾病和创伤的诊所、医院或保健设施
A close-mouthed person, especially one who can keep a secret.
守口的人一个嘴巴紧闭的人，尤指能保守秘密的人
A cloth or towel.
一块布或毛巾
A club function is being held in the main restaurant.
俱乐部的聚餐将在主餐厅举行。
A coal miner's job is dirty and dangerous at best.
即使是在最好的条件下，煤矿工人的工作也是又脏又危险的。
A coating similar to the pelt of a mammal.
皮子象哺乳动物毛皮的覆盖层
A coin of Saudi Arabia worth!/100 of a riyal.
哈拉拉一种沙特阿拉伯硬币，合！／100里亚尔
A cold, inimical voice.
一个冰冷、充满敌意的声音
A collection of recorded data or tapes arranged for ease of use.
为了使用方便，排列记录的数据或磁带的收藏，
A college prep course; did extensive prep work for the interview.
大学预备课程；为会见作了全面的准备工作
A combat aircraft designed to carry and drop bombs.
轰炸机一种设计用于运送和投掷炸弹的飞机
A comma is sometimes used to set off a clause in a sentence.
逗号有时用来隔开一个句子中间的从句。
A commercial trucker.
从事商业的卡车运输业者
A common theme in horror stories is of a monstrous creature raised by supernatural power from the dead.
恐怖故事中的一个共同主题是关于一个由超自然的力量使之从死亡中复活过来的怪物。
A company shall be careful not to have many yes- man in their organization.
公司应注意不用聘用太多唯唯诺诺的人在自己的机构里。
A complaint or gripe.
诉苦或发牢骚
A composer of fables.
寓言家寓言的创作者
A compound that contains ammonia.
氨化物含有氨的化合物
A computer program that effects some final computation or organization.
实现某些最终计算或组织工作的一种计算机程序。
A concert relayed live from the Royal Albert Hall
从皇家艾伯特大厅实况转播的音乐会
A condition marked by an abnormally large number of red blood cells in the circulatory system.
红细胞增多症以循环系统中存在不正常的大量红细胞为特征的状况
A conductor, especially of an orchestra, a band, or a choral group.
指挥指挥，尤指交响乐团、乐队或合唱团的
A confused or harsh sound or mingling of sounds.
噪音混杂、刺耳的声音，或多种声音的混合
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never learnt to walk.
保守主义者，是生有完完整整的两条腿而从未学过走路的人。
A constricted throat in the air passage of a carburetor, causing a reduction in pressure that results in fuel vapor being drawn out of the carburetor bowl.
文丘里管汽化器空气通道中的一段喉管，导致压力减小从而把燃料的蒸气抽出汽化器的碗状部分
A container or box made of tin plate.
马口铁器皿由马口铁制成的容器或盒子
A contest or deliberation the outcome of which is fraudulently prearranged.
阴谋诡计一次比赛或讨论，其结果已欺骗性地被事先安排了
A contract for the commercial leasing of a vessel or space on a vessel.
商业租船契约租用船或放船的空间的商业契约
A controversial or unorthodox opinion or doctrine, as in politics, philosophy, or science.
异端邪说有争议的或非正统的观点或学说，如政治、哲学或科学上的
A coolant, which may he liquid sodium, water or some other substances can carry away the heat produced in the reactor.
像液体钠、水或其他一些物质这样的冷却剂能吸走反应堆所产生的热。
A cord, rope, or wire on which clothes may be hung to dry or air.
晒衣绳可以挂衣服晾晒用的细绳、粗绳或铁丝
A corridor of undeveloped land, as along a river or between urban centers, that is reserved for recreational use or environmental preservation.
绿色走廊沿河或在两个城市中心区之间的由未开发土地形成的走廊，为市民休闲娱乐或环境保护而保留
A cotton shawl traditionally worn in India by men and women.
披巾一种通常由印度男人和妇女披的棉披巾
A country should mainly rely on the strength and wisdom of its own people.
一个国家应主要依靠本国人民的办量和智慧。
A course or track for racing, especially harness racing.
赛道赛跑中用的路或跑道，尤指赛马
A covered one-horse carriage with two seats.
马车一种有篷的由一匹马拉的双座马车
A cow or other domestic bovine animal.
家牛牛或其它家养的属于牛属的那种动物
A crane is a machine.
起重机是一种机器。
A creeper was entwined round the pillar.
一根攀缘植物缠绕在柱子上。
A critic is a man whose watch is five minutes ahead of other people's watch.
批评家，是一个他的表要比别人的表快上五分钟的人。
A crossword-puzzle fiend.
热衷猜字迷的人
A crude or makeshift dwelling or shelter; a shack.
简陋小屋，茅屋粗糙的临时住房或隐蔽处；棚屋
A cunning little pet.
机灵的小宠物
A curve on a surface of revolution, formed by the intersection of the surface with a plane containing the axis of revolution.
回转面曲线回转面与通过旋转轴的平面相交而形成的位于回转面上的曲线
A customary time or occasion of eating food.
进餐，进餐时间习惯上的时间或进餐时机
A cyclic check code used to check and correct the burst error appeared in the transmission procedure of binary information sequence. It is one of the error check codes in common use for computer disc memory.
用来检查、纠正二进制信息序列在传输过程中出现的突发错误的一种循环校验码，它是计算机磁盘存储器常用的错误校验码之一。
A damaged or defective object or device.
损坏物，缺陷物损坏的或有缺陷的物体或设备
A dark mass of trees loomed in the distance.
远处是一片黑糊糊的树林。
A daub, as of color.
涂料涂料，如颜料
A deadly fear swept over him.
他突然感到一阵极大的恐惧。
A decision made by an umpire or a referee.
判决由公断人或裁判员作出的决定
A decorative casing for a light, often of paper.
灯笼灯的装饰性外套，经常用纸制成
A decrease, especially a small or incremental one.
减少尤指小规模或逐步增加者的减少
A deep voice.
低沉的声音
A defense mechanism in which there is an unconscious shift of emotions, affect, or desires from the original object to a more acceptable or immediate substitute.
移情作用；情感转移一种防卫机制，情感、影响、愿望从原始目标潜意识地转移到一个立即或更可接受的替代对象
A delicious odor greeted me when I opened the door.
当我打开门时，一阵香味扑鼻而来。
A dense thicket of cane.
甘蔗丛茂密的甘蔗林
A deposit of exposed natural salt that is licked by passing animals.
盐碱地裸露有天然盐的地方，路过的动物常去舔食
A deserted or abandoned child of unknown parentage.
弃婴，弃儿一个不知父母为谁的弃婴
A despicable, sneaky person, especially one who betrays or informs upon associates.
鼠辈，卑鄙小人令人生厌，狡猾的人物，特别是出卖或告发同伴的人
A detachment of ten men remain behind to guard the prisoner.
由十名士兵组成的分遣队留在後面看守囚犯。
A device consisting of fixed and moving parts that modifies mechanical energy and transmits it in a more useful form.
机床一个由固定和可移动部件组成的装置，可以把机械能转化为其他更为有用的形式
A device for measuring the work capacity of a muscle or group of muscles during contraction.
测力器用来测量在收缩中某一块肌肉或一组肌肉做功能力的装置
A device on intersecting railroad tracks that permits wheels to cross the junction.
辙叉装在火车铁轨相交处使车轮穿过连接处的装置
A device that compares two items of data and indicates the result of that comparison.
对两个数据项进行比较并指出其比较结果的一种装置。
A device that produces a bright light for signaling, illumination, or identification.
闪光信号，照明弹一种能产生强光用来发出信号、照明或鉴定物体的装置
A device used to modulate an electromagnetic wave.
调制器用以调制电磁波的装置
A device, such as a ruler, tab, or bar, that serves as an indicator or acts to regulate a motion or operation.
导向装置用作指向物或用来调整运动方向或运行的装置，如尺子、调整片或栅栏
A diamond, my eye! That's glass!
钻石，天哪，那是玻璃！
A differentiated part of an organism, such as an eye, a wing, or a leaf, that performs a specific function.
器官一个生物体中起着特定作用的独特部分，例如一只眼、一只翅膀或一片叶子
A diminutive suffix, word, or name.
微小表微小的后缀、单词或名称
A disadvantage of the turbine is that it is not reversible.
涡轮机的一个缺点就是它不可以反转。
A disconnected piece; a fragment.
不相连的一块；片段
A disease resulting from parasitic infestation.
寄生物病，寄生虫病由寄生物感染引起的病变
A disk, globe, or crescent resembling the natural satellite of Earth.
月状物，新月状物类似地球自然卫星的碟、球体或新月状物
A dispute about words.
关于词的争论
A distinguishing characteristic or feature.
特色，特征区别于其它事物的特点或性质
A dive executed by jumping headfirst, bending the body at the waist, and, with the legs straight, touching the feet with the hands before straightening out to enter the water hands first.
屈体跳水，镰刀式跳水头向下的一种跳水动作，把身体弯到腰部、腿伸直，在打开身体且以手先触水的姿势跳入水中以前，要先用手触脚
A divorce that caused much comment.
引起许多闲话的离婚事件
A document presented to a court and containing a formal statement of a case, complaint, or petition.
起诉书向法庭提供的包含正式的案件陈述、控告和请求的文件
A dome-shaped structure or building.
拱形建筑物一种圆顶的结构或房屋
A doubtful claim; doubtful prospects.
令人怀疑的索赔案；令人可疑的前景
A drama combining elements of tragedy and comedy.
悲喜剧一部结合了悲剧和喜剧成分的剧作
A dress that hangs well.
一件宽松的衣服
A drop of blood slid down his leg.
他的腿上流着一点儿血。
A drug, especially an illicit or addictive one.
麻醉剂尤指非法使用或使人上瘾的麻醉剂
A dry red wine made from the black grape variety Cabernet sauvignon.
卡勃耐酒一种无甜味的红色的酒，用卡勃耐白葡萄的变种黑葡萄制成
A duly appointed official.
正式任命的官员
A fabric made of different kinds of thread or yarn.
混纺织物由不同种类的线或纱制成的织物
A face ashen with grief.
一张因悲伤而苍白的脸
A failing grade.
不及格的成绩
A fairly good dinner.
相当好的一顿晚宴
A false boasting or claim, especially one detrimental to the interests of another.
虚张声势虚假的夸大或声明，尤其指对他人利益构成危害的夸大或声明
A family, community, or society based on this system or governed by women.
母权社会以母权制为基础或者受妇女统治的家庭、氏族、部落
A farm implement consisting of a heavy frame with sharp teeth or upright disks, used to break up and even off plowed ground.
耙一种由一个沉重的框架和尖齿或垂直向上的耙片构成的用于打碎并摊平犁过的泥土的农具
A fattened young pig.
肥育猪养得很肥的小猪
A feasible plan.
可行的计划
A feeling of agitation and anxiety caused by the presence or imminence of danger.
忧虑感因危险的出现或迫近而产生的不安或焦虑的情绪
A felled seam.
折进缝平
A fenced enclosure for confining bulls.
牛栏为关公牛而做的围栏
A few cases of influenza cropped out every now and then.
不时出现一些流行性感冒的病例。
A few minutes later he was flying down the road on his bicycle.
一会儿之后他就骑车飞驰在公路上了。
A few years ago this factory was still regarded as the Cinderella of the printing trade, but now it is very famous.
几年前这个工厂还被认作印刷业的灰姑娘，但现在它已非常有名气。
A fifth of whiskey, please.
请给我五分之一加仑的威士忌酒。
A file which is a collection of change records used to update a master file in batch processing.
在批处理中，修改主文件的全部修改记录的集合所构成的文件。
A final discharge, as of a duty or debt.
债务清偿最后清偿，如义务或债务
A fine powder, such as pulverized charcoal, dusted over a stencil to transfer a design to an underlying surface.
印花粉撒于镂花模板上以便在其表面上印出图案的细粉末，如磨碎的木炭粉
A fingernail or toenail.
手指甲，脚趾甲
A firework that rotates while burning.
旋转烟火一种燃烧时旋转的烟火
A fishing fly having this color.
具有此种颜色的蜉蚍的亚成虫
A five-year plan unveiled by the Human Resources Administration last month promises beefed–up services to homeless families and better accommodations.
上月人力资源局所发表的一项五年计划，将要加强对流离失所家庭的服务，并给予较好的安置。
A flag with a design of two crossed keys
有两把钥匙相交叉图案的旗帜
A flat metal plate for gauging the accuracy of a plane surface in precision metalworking.
平面规，测平仪在精密金属加工中用于测定平面表面精度的金属平板
A flat, horizontal surface.
平坦的，水平的表面
A flexible fiber-optic instrument used to view an object or area, such as a body cavity, that would otherwise be inaccessible.
纤维镜利用光学纤维制成的一种韧性仪器，用于对一些用其它方法无法接近的物体或区域（如体腔）进行检查
A flirtatious glance.
挑逗性的一瞥
A floppy hat brim.
软软的帽檐
A fluid-containing sac or cavity in the body of an organism.
池有机体体内一种贮存流体的液囊或穴
A fold or ridge, as of skin, membrane, or shell.
皱襞如皮肤、膜或壳的褶或隆起物
A fool always finds a greater fool than himself.
愚人总以为旁人比自己更傻。
A foot of verse used in lyric poetry having two unstressed syllables flanked by the two rhythmic stresses marking the first and last syllables of the foot.
扬抑抑扬格一种应用于抒情诗诗体中的音步，由两个轻音节夹在两个有节奏的重音之间构成，用于表示该音步的第一个和最后一个音节
A foreigner; a stranger.
外国人；陌生人
A form that is an altered version of a given theme, diverging from it by melodic ornamentation and by changes in harmony, rhythm, or key.
变奏曲一种给定主旋律的改编版，通过旋律的修饰和节奏或琴键的变化而从中分离出来
A formal general assembly of the princes or estates of the Holy Roman Empire.
神圣罗马帝国的三政会神圣罗马帝国的王孙或该阶层的正式的一般议会
A formal written statement as to competency and dependability, given by an employer to a former employee; a recommendation.
推荐信由雇主给予以前的雇员的有关其能力或可信任性的正式书面陈述；推荐信
A fortress in a commanding position in or near a city.
城堡在一个城市内或其附近的处于控制地位的堡垒
A four-day workweek.
一周四天工作日
A fragment of dried animal dung used as fuel.
干粪块一块用作燃料的干燥过的动物粪便
A fraudulent imitation or facsimile.
摹本诈骗性的模仿或摹真本
A freighter up for Panama.
一艘工往巴拿马的货轮
A friend is known in adversity.
在患难之中才能看出（真假）朋友。
A frightening brew of poisonous waste is said to be accumulating in Britain's biggest chemical dump… The local authority… is rightly worried about the… tip on its doorstep.
据说惊人的大量有毒物质正堆在英国最大的化学物品废品站里……当地政府……对……堆在它门口的垃圾理所当然地感到忧虑。
A fruit- or flower-bearing plant.
能结果植物，能开花植物
A full-length novel.
标准长度的小说
A fungal spore produced by budding.
芽生孢子芽生的真菌孢子
A gallant feathered hat; cut a gallant figure at the coronation.
华丽时髦的带有羽毛的帽子；加冕礼给人一种时髦的印象
A garden club.
田园俱乐部
A gasp broke from her.
她突然发出一声喘息。
A general idea derived or inferred from specific instances or occurrences.
概念从特定情形或事件中得到或推断出的一般性想法
A gentle horse.
驯良的马
A gesture by a conductor signaling the entrance of a performer or part.
提示手势指挥示意某一表演者或声部进入时所作手势
A gigantic Celtic god and ruler of Britain. After he was mortally wounded in battle, his head was buried in London, where it served as a protection against invaders.
布兰似巨人般的凯尔特人的上帝和不列颠统治者。在战斗中因伤致死后，他的头被埋葬在伦敦，以作为一种反对侵略者的保护力量
A giver of gifts.
礼物给予者
A globe surmounted by a cross, used as a symbol of monarchial power and justice.
权球顶上装有一个十字架并象征着群权和公正的球
A gold key open every door.
金钥匙，路路通。
A good beginning makes a good ending.
[谚]欲善其终必先善其始。
A good education can be the gateway to success.
良好的教育是通往成功之路。
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.
好丈夫在夜里决不会头一个睡着，在早上也不会最后一个起来。
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he knows something.
洗耳恭听的人，不仅到处受到欢迎，过些时候，他还会学到一些东西。
A good reason.
正当的理由
A good tongue is a good weapon.
口齿伶俐，是件利器。
A governing, advisory, or disciplinary body of some colleges and universities composed of faculty members and sometimes student representatives.
大学评议会某些学院和大学中由全体教员及有学衔的行政人员，有时还有学生代表，组成的管理，顾问，或纪律机构
A graceful loser; a poor loser.
有风度的败者；没有风度的败者
A grand admiral.
海军总司令
A greasy hamburger.
油腻的汉堡包
A great number or quantity.
较大的数字或数量
A greatly enlarged photograph or series of photographs placed on a wall especially as decoration.
壁画式照片，（装饰性）大幅照片挂在墙上、特别是用来装饰的一张放大照片或一系列照片
A groove inside the end of a barrel or cask into which the head is set.
桶板槽一种刻在木桶边板两端装端板用的槽
A group of animals or birds, especially larks or quail.
一群动物，一群鸟一群动物或鸟，尤指云雀或鹌鹑
A group of foes or hostile forces.
一群敌人，敌对势力
A group of parties, factions, or nations united in a common cause; a bloc.
政治联盟一些政党、派别或民族为共同事业而组成的联盟；跨党派议员集团
A group of student placed a wreath at the tomb of the national hero.
一群学生在那位民族英雄墓前献上花圈。
A group or performer in a modern drama serving a purpose similar to the Greek chorus.
歌唱者，舞蹈者在现代剧中起与希腊合唱团相同作用的团体或演员
A guarantee to perform something in a specified way.
保障对某事以某特定方法完成的保证
A gunshot wound; gunshot victims.
枪伤；枪击中的受伤者
A habitually complaining or irritable person.
爱发牢骚的人经常抱怨或易被激怒的人
A halting voice.
一个迟疑的声音
A handsome building looked at from any angle.
从任何角度看都很漂亮的建筑物
A hard assignment.
困难的任务
A hard-core secessionist; a hard-core golfer.
极其忠诚的分裂主义者；高尔夫球迷
A hat made of finely woven straw.
曼谷草编帽一种精细的草编帽子
A headless man haunts the castle.
一个无头幽灵常在城堡出现。
A hearty draft of liquid.
痛饮痛快地喝液体
A heavy blow, fall of snow
重重的一击、一场大雪
A heavy lorry floundered about in deep snow.
一辆重型卡车在厚厚的积雪中艰难地行进。
A heavy vote in favor of the bill.
赞成议案的压倒多数
A helicopter or other aircraft used for such transport.
救伤直升机，救伤飞机用来运送伤员之直升机或其他飞机
A hick town.
一座乡村市镇
A high official in a royal court, especially one aiding the sovereign in military affairs.
王室最高军务官王室的高阶官员，尤指帮助君主处理军事事务的人
A high-pitched electronic sound; a bleep.
高音电子声音；短促的尖音信号
A highly explosive mixture of ammonium nitrate and trinitrotoluene.
阿马托炸药一种由硝酸铵和三硝基甲苯组成的烈性混合炸药
A hired man, especially in the western United States, who tends cattle and performs many of his duties on horseback.
牛仔尤指美国西部地区受雇来照料牛群并骑于马上完成其大部分工作的男子
A hobby is an interesting way of spending your free time, but not something that you have to do, like helping with the dishes.
业余爱好是一种业余消遣的有趣方式，但不是像帮助洗盘予那样非做不可的事。
A hole, usually with a cover, through which a person may enter a sewer, boiler, drain, or similar structure.
下水道出入孔一种常带有盖的孔道，人可以由此孔进出排道、锅炉、下水管或类似设施
A home without love is no more a home than a body without a soul is a man.
正像没有灵魂的身躯不成其为人一样，没有爱情的家庭也不成其为家庭。
A horizontal beam, as of steel or wood, used as a main support for a building or bridge.
大梁一水平的铁制或木制的桁条，用来作为建筑物或桥梁的主要支撑物
A horse having a coat of mottled gray.
菊花青马带有斑点的灰色毛皮的马
A hospice for travelers or pilgrims.
旅客招待所供旅行者或朝圣者住宿的地方
A hot drink will soon set you up.
你喝杯热饮料马上就精神了。
A house of weathered shingles.
木瓦屋板受到风雨侵蚀的房子
A huge shape loomed up out of the fog.
在雾中隐约出现一个巨大的影像。
A humane society always does well by its old people.
一个仁慈的社会对待老人总是很好。
A hush fell over the village.
村子里鸦雀无声。
A jagged wound or cut.
锯齿状的伤口或裂口
A job that is not associated with a terminal.
与终端没有关系的一种作业。
A joke that was incongruous with polite conversation.
一个与礼貌谈话不相协调的玩笑
A judicial mind consider both side of a dispute fairly before make a decision.
公正的人总是不带偏见地考虑发生争执的双方的意见，然後才作出决定。
A karate black belt chopped my knee when I sparred with him.
我和一个空手道黑带对打时，他砍了我膝盖。
A killing pace.
令人精疲力尽的步速
A knee-high table.
齐膝高的桌子
A knot that joins a rope to a rope or another object.
索结连结两条绳子或一条绳与另一物体的结
A lake with no issue to the sea.
没有通向海洋的出水口的湖泊
A landmark decision, victory, speech
划时代的决定、胜利、演说
A large assembly, often international, especially of Boy Scouts or Girl Scouts.
大集会大型集会，常指国际性的，尤指童子军大会
A large contingent from Japan is presented at the conference.
来自日本的一个大代表团出席了会议。
A large group of protesters have turned out.
一大群抗议者聚集到了一起
A large or high waterfall.
大瀑布或高瀑布
A large roll of cloth of a definite length, especially as it comes from the loom.
一匹有一定长度的，尤指当其从织机上卸下来时的一卷布
A large white duck of a Chinese breed, widely raised in the United States for food.
北京鸭一种中国种的大白鸭，在美国广泛培育用于食用
A large, powerful computer, often serving several connected terminals.
主计算机大型的、强大的计算机，经常用作一些相互连接的终端服务器
A late breakfast; a late meeting.
推迟的早餐；推迟了的会议
A lawyer is a learned gentleman who rescues you estate from your enemies and keeps it himself.
律师是有学问的绅士，他从你的敌人手里救出你的财产，然后据为已有。
A lazy or idle person; a loafer.
懒惰或闲散的人；游手好闲者
A leader who obtains power by means of impassioned appeals to the emotions and prejudices of the populace.
煽动者，政治家通过慷慨激昂的手段赚取民众的情感或偏见而得到权力的领导者
A leather-covered bludgeon with a short, flexible shaft or strap, used as a hand weapon.
包皮铅头棍棒包皮铅头的棍棒，带有短而可活动的棍柄和扣带，作为手中武器使用
A legal title to property held by one party for the benefit of another.
信托权一方为另一方利益而持有的合法财产权
A length of yarn, cord, or thread, especially a strong silk thread used mainly to bind the edges of buttonholes.
丝线一段毛线、粗线或丝线，尤指主要用来缝合钮扣孔的结实丝线
A library of teaching materials for preventing teenage suicides will open for educators in Hong Kong this year.
今年香港将为教师开设一家图书馆以提供防止青少年自杀的教学资料。
A life-size full or partial representation of the human body, used for the fitting or displaying of clothes; a dummy.
人体模型如真人大小的、全身或半身的人体模型，用于量试衣服是否合适或展示服装；人体模型
A light dramatic work in which highly improbable plot situations, exaggerated characters, and often slapstick elements are used for humorous effect.
轻喜剧一种轻松的戏剧形式，其中极为荒谬可笑的情节背景，夸张的角色和一些闹剧的成分以表现幽默的效果
A light springy jump or leap, especially on one foot.
（犹指单脚）轻快地一蹦或一跳
A light, sharp-pointed sword lacking a cutting edge and used only for thrusting.
无刃轻剑一种轻型，尖剑头的剑，但不开刃，只是用于威胁
A likeness of a person, especially one showing the face, that is created by a painter or photographer, for example.
肖像，肖像画如由画家或摄影师创作的个人的画像或照片，例如脸部
A line made by pressing, folding, or wrinkling.
皱折一条通过压紧、折叠或起皱纹而形成的线痕
A line of waiting people or vehicles.
行列排队等待的人或车辆
A linesman signaled"off-side", but the referee overruled him and ordered"play on".
一个巡边员做手势表示“出界”，但裁判员否决了他的裁定并命令“继续进行比赛”。
A list has been drawn up of words we learned last year.
我们去年学过的单词表已经起草了。
A list or collection of various items.
目录各种项目的列表或集合
A literary, dramatic, or pictorial device in which characters and events stand for abstract ideas, principles, or forces, so that the literal sense has or suggests a parallel, deeper symbolic sense.
寓言，讽喻一种文学、戏剧或绘画的艺术手法，其中人物和事件代表抽象的观点、原则或支配力，从而使表面含义含有或表达一种对等的，但更深刻的象征意义
A little indiscreet gossip isn't enough to make you fall into disgrace with all your friends.
几句轻率的流言蜚语，是不足以使你在所有的朋友面前丧失体面的。
A little to the leave.
头路靠左边一点。
A loaf of sliced bread, please.
请给我一个切好片的面包。
A localized thickening and enlargement of the horny layer of the skin.
鸡眼，老茧皮肤角质层的局部增厚和增大
A long cloak or outer robe, usually of fur or with a fur lining.
毛皮披风一种通常是毛皮质或毛皮衬里的长披风或外袍
A long seat, often without a back, for two or more persons.
长凳常常是无靠背、可坐两个或多人的长座凳
A long, bag-shaped fishing net held open by hoops.
长袋网一种用箍圈固定开口处的长的袋形渔网
A long, plain, close-fitting military jacket, usually with a stiff high collar.
长茄克一种素色紧身的军用长茄克，通常有高而硬的领
A long-lived aunt.
长寿的姑姑
A loose deposit of rock debris accumulated through the action of gravity at the base of a cliff or slope.
塌积物在峭壁或斜坡底部由于重力作用堆积形成的岩石碎片松散的堆积物
A loosely fitting dress that hangs straight, sometimes worn with a belt; a shift.
宽松女服有时系腰带在无腰身的宽松式女服；宽松直筒连衣裙
A lot of children are cheated(out) of their chance for a good education, simply by living in the wrong place.
许多孩子仅仅是由于居住在不适当的地区，就被剥夺了受良好教育的机会。
A lot of rain fell in Scotland last night.
昨晚苏格兰下了许多雨。
A loud exclamation; a shout or call.
大声呼喊；呼叫，叫喊
A lousy trick.
可鄙的恶作剧
A low chest of drawers often supporting a mirror and typically used for holding clothes and personal items.
带镜衣柜用于收藏衣服及私人物件的带抽屉的矮柜，一般上放镜子
A low, sustained, mournful cry, usually indicative of sorrow or pain.
呜咽一种很低，痛苦的，悲伤的哭，通常表现悲伤或痛苦
A lunar occultation of a quasar.
类星体的月星掩测定
A machine for hoisting and moving heavy objects, consisting of a movable boom equipped with cables and pulleys and connected to the base of an upright stationary beam.
悬臂起重机提升和移动重物的机器，它由一个带有缆绳和滑轮的可移动的、并与一根由向上静止横梁的底座连接的起重杆组成
A machine that crushes rock or ore.
颚形碎石机一种碾碎岩石或矿石的机器
A magical view over the calm waters of the bay
海湾里平静海水的迷人景色
A main feature of computer virus.
计算机病毒的一种主要特性。
A malarial parasite at the stage of development in which it inhabits bodily tissue before invading the red blood cells.
潜隐体一种处于发育阶段的疟疾寄生虫，在侵入红血细胞之前，寄生在体内组织中
A malignant disease.
一种致命的疾病
A man can die but once.
人生只有一回死。
A man hurried up to me and asked what the time was.
一个男人急匆匆地走到我跟前问时间。
A man like Matthew that's had to do with boats all his life doesn't need advice from you.
像马修那样一辈子跟船打交道的人，用不着你出主意。
A man of humble birth.
出身低微的人
A man sidled up to me and asked of I wanted a ticket for the performance.
一个男子偷偷走到我跟前问我要不要演出票。
A man who drives a coach or carriage.
车夫驾驶四轮大马车或马车的人
A man who is a resident of a town.
镇民一个城镇的居民
A man who practices a craft with great skill.
手艺人熟练使用某种手艺的人
A man with a powerful frame.
一个身材魁梧的人；彪形大汉。
A man, especially one regarded as foolish or contemptible.
家伙，怪人人，尤指愚蠢或卑劣的人
A mannish stride.
男人式的步伐
A mark indicating the boundary of such an interval.
刻度线，分度线指示这种间隔的界限的标记
A mark used to define a shape or represent a contour.
轮廓线，外廓线用于定义一形状或描绘一轮廓的线
A married woman's personal property exclusive of her dowry, according to common law.
妻子的财产按照习惯法，已婚妇女除嫁妆以外的个人财产
A mass of solid propellant.
块状燃料一块固体推进剂
A material added in small amounts during a chemical or metallurgical process to absorb impurities.
吸气剂以少量加入化学或冶金过程中用来吸收杂质的物质
A mature audience.
全部是成年人的观众
A meal, especially a large one.
大餐尤指丰盛的一餐
A means of grouping jobs that require the same set of resources for their execution. There are two classes: input class and output class.
一种作业的分组方法，这些作业在执行时要求相同的一组资源。类别有两种：输入类和输出类。
A measure of the ability of a material to resist the formation of an electric field within it.
介质常数，电容率一种物质抵制在其内部建立的电场能力的量度
A mechanical model of the solar system.
太阳系仪太阳系的机械模型
A medical student or intern.
医学生，实习医生
A medieval light helmet with a neck guard and movable visor.
头盔中世纪有护颈和活动护面的轻便头盔
A mellow friend; a mellow conversation.
易相处的朋友；悠闲自在的谈话
A member of a Zulu people of southwest Zimbabwe.
恩德贝勒族人津巴布韦西南部组鲁族人中的一员
A member of a group of elite, highly loyal supporters.
禁卫军一支精锐的皇家军队中的成员
A member of a secret order of Moslem fanatics who terrorized and killed Christian Crusaders and others.
暗杀基督教十字军成员的穆斯林狂热派威胁和暗杀基督教十字军成员或其他人的穆斯林狂热派的秘密团体成员
A member of any of the Eskimo peoples of North America and especially of Arctic Canada and Greenland.
因纽特人北美特别是加拿大北冰洋地区和格陵兰岛的爱斯基摩人之成员
A member of the Caucasian racial division. No longer in scientific use.
高加索人高加索人种的一个成员。目前已不在科学界使用
A member of the parsley family.
香芹，欧芹，荷兰芹伞形科植物中的一种
A member, such as a beam, that projects beyond a fulcrum and is supported by a balancing member or a downward force behind the fulcrum.
悬臂，支架伸在支点之外的一个构件，如一段横梁，由与其持平衡的或向下的在支点后面的一个力支撑
A mentally ill person.
疯子有精神病的人
A messenger or an agent; a go-between.
中介信使或中介；中间人
A metal rod or bar around which material, such as metal or glass, may be shaped.
心棒一根金属杆或杠，将金属或玻璃等材料缠绕其上，可以改变形状
A method of organic gardening and crop cultivation in which certain factors, such as planetary and seasonal cycles, are considered.
生物动力学有机物栽培和作物培养的一种方法，需要考虑如行星作用和季节轮换等因素
A metrical foot consisting of a stressed syllable followed by an unstressed syllable, as in season, or of a long syllable followed by a short syllable.
扬抑格音步两个音节的音步，其中第一个音节重读，第二个音节不重读，如在单词season中，或第一个音节是长的，第二个音节是短的
A mild spring day; mild weather in June.
温暖宜人的春天；六月宜人的天气
A military or official courier.
传令员军队的传令兵或官方的传令官
A minister in the new government crossed swords with a member of the Opposition on the first day after Parliament opened.
议会开会的第一天，新政府中的一位部长就和反对党的一位议员争论起来。
A minute projection on the surface of a stigma, petal, or leaf.
乳突花柱头、花瓣或叶子表面上细小的隆起物
A misfortune came upon him.
他遇到一件不幸的事。
A misty rain; a misty night.
似雾的雨，雾朦朦的夜晚
A mixture of water and honey that becomes mead when fermented.
蜂蜜水水和蜂蜜的混合物，混合物发酵时变成蜂蜜酒
A moderate brown to reddish brown.
可可色褐色到微褐红色
A mold in which such metal is cast.
金属铸模金属锭在其中被铸的模子
A monotone recitation of names.
名字的单调的朗诵
A mop of unruly hair.
乱蓬蓬的杂乱的头发
A mother whose young son have go into hospital.
一位母亲，她的幼子住院了。
A mountain of debts, complaints, queries
大量的欠债、投诉、询问
A move to halt the arms race.
停止军备竞赛的策略
A movie star was holding court at London Airport.
一位影星在伦敦机场接待影迷。
A municipal borough of central England north of Nottingham. It is an industrial center in a coal-mining region. Population, 99,900.
曼斯菲尔德英国中部的一个市级行政区，位于诺丁汉以北，是采煤地区的工业中心。人口99，900
A muscle with two heads or points of origin.
二头肌起端有两个头或端的肌肉
A mutual clarification of misunderstandings; a reconciliation.
和解为消除误解而进行的相互说明；和解
A name, symbol, or trademark designed for easy and definite recognition, especially one borne on a single printing plate or piece of type.
教学语言为了容易、清楚辩论而设计的名字、标志或商标，尤指标于单片印版或样版的
A narrow hallway, passageway, or gallery, often with rooms or apartments opening onto it.
走廊，回廊一种窄的门厅，通道或游廊，通常通向房间或套间
A narrow strip of tissue joining two larger organs or parts of an organ.
峡连接两个较大器官或一个器官的几部分的组织狭带
A national or local legislative assembly in certain countries, such as Japan.
议会某些国家的国家或当地的立法机关，例如日本
A native or inhabitant of Bhutan.
不丹人不丹人民或居民
A native or inhabitant of Ireland.
爱尔兰人爱尔兰的当地人或居民
A native or inhabitant of Portugal.
葡萄牙人葡萄牙本地人或居民
A native or inhabitant of the Caucasus.
高加索人高加索地区的土著人或居民
A natural endowment or gift; a talent.
天赋，天资自然的禀赋或天才；有天分的人
A near relative; a near and dear friend.
近亲；关系密切的好朋友
A neophyte at politics.
初涉政界的人
A new appraisal or evaluation.
重新评估重新估计或评价
A new director in this department will really get thing move.
此部门的新主任能把工作开展起来。
A new or recently revised edition of input data.
输入数据的新的或最近校对过的“版本”。
A new supermarket opened across the street, and Peter's grocery business was soon in a bad way.
在街对面开了一家新的超级市场，这使彼得的杂货店的生意马上萧条下来。
A news hound.
新闻追踪者
A night of the week exclusive of Saturday and Sunday.
周日夜晚除了星期六和星期日的一周其它日子的晚上
A noisy, disorderly fight or quarrel; a brawl.
大声喧闹吵闹、混乱的战争或争吵；打架
A notable or distinctive feature or characteristic.
特征显著或特殊的特征或特点
A notice of sale.
拍卖的书面通知
A novel written at the peak of the writer's career.
写于这位作家事业的顶峰时期的小说
A number of mistakes in the proofs were let through.
校样里有许多错误没有被发现。
A number or total that is nine times as great as another.
九倍是另一个的九倍的数目或总量
A one-horse vehicle for public hire.
出租马车用于公开出租的单马力交通工具
A packing that catches the eye will help us push the sales.
醒目的包装有助于我们推销产品。
A painting executed in this manner.
树胶水彩画用该种方法画成的画
A pair of united petals in certain flowers, as those of the pea.
龙骨瓣在某些花（如豌豆花）中的两个相连的花瓣
A panel discussion on the radio on the future of the Health Service
无线电广播的展望公共医疗卫生服务的专题小组讨论会
A parent who played off one child against another.
让一个孩子与另一个孩子相斗的家长
A part of his income goes on books; but he thinks it's money well spent.
他的收入有一部分花在买书上，可是他认为这是值得的。
A partial excuse.
借口偏心的借口
A particular value for a variable that is assigned automatically by an operating system and remains in effect unless canceled or overridden by the operator.
缺省，默认某一变量的特定值，由操作系统自动指定并持续有效，除非操作者取消它或使它无效
A pass between two mountain peaks or a gap in a ridge.
山口，隘口两个山峰间的通路或者山脊上的裂口
A passageway under an arch.
拱道拱顶下的通道
A paste for cleaning teeth.
牙膏一种用来清洁牙齿的膏状物
A patron of the arts.
艺术事业的赞助者
A peace officer with less authority and smaller jurisdiction than a sheriff, empowered to serve writs and warrants and make arrests.
治安官管辖权和管辖范围都小于县治安官的治安官，有权送达传票及逮捕（搜查）令并可以施行逮捕
A pelvic artery.
一条靠近骨盆的动脉
A people having common origins or traditions and often constituting a nation.
民族一个拥有共同起源和传统的民族，通常构成一个国家
A performance of or dialogue for such an entertainment.
笑剧的表演对白这种戏剧的表演或对白
A period of such abstention or self-denial.
断食期，节食期这种戒除或自我克制的时期
A permanent diplomatic office abroad.
大使馆，公使馆地处它国的永久性外交驻所
A person associated with but not officially residing in an institution, especially a nonresident physician on a hospital staff.
不住院的医生与一机构联合但不正式住在其中的人，尤指医院职员中不住院的内科医生
A person employed by a hotel to assist guests, as by carrying luggage and doing errands.
旅馆服务员被旅馆雇佣为客人服务的人，如搬运行李和当差
A person given to joining groups, organizations, or causes.
社团活跃分子爱参加社团组织活动的人
A person is guilty of affray if he uses or threatens to use unlawful violence towards another, and his conduct is such that a reasonable person who happens to be presented may fear for his safety.
若一个人对另一个人使用或威胁使用非法暴力而且他的行为使一个在场的正常人为自己的安全担心时，他就犯有在公共场所斗殴罪。
A person of a rapacious, predatory, or profiteering nature.
贪婪的人具有贪婪、凶残或逐利性格的人
A person of independent means.
一个拥有足以过舒适生活的财产的人
A person or group appointed to represent another or others; a delegation.
代理人，代表团被指定用来代表其他人或团体的人或团体；代表
A person regarded as aggressive, audacious, or fierce.
凶恶的人，虎狼之徒被认为是有野心、卤莽或凶残的人
A person regarded as stupid, crude, or loud.
笨蛋，乡巴佬被认为是愚蠢、粗鲁或吵闹的人
A person trained in Jewish law, ritual, and tradition and ordained for leadership of a Jewish congregation, especially one serving as chief religious official of a synagogue.
犹太的法学博士在犹太法律、仪式及传统方面受过训练的人，并被任命主持犹太教集会，尤指在犹太教堂中作为主要神职的人员
A person who behaves recklessly or wildly.
捣蛋鬼，调皮鬼行为鲁莽草率或粗野的人
A person who employs the comparative method, as in studying literature.
比较文学家运用比较方法的人，如在研究文学中
A person who holds high office.
要人显贵身兼要职的人
A person who is the intended victim of a swindler; a dupe.
易受骗的人，笨蛋受骗子故意欺骗的受害人；笨蛋
A person who produces no useful work.
不生产有用的产品的人
A person who uncritically or habitually conforms to the customs, rules, or styles of a group.
墨守陈规者毫无抗议的或习惯性的遵循习俗、规则或某组织规范的人
A person with dark brown hair.
具深褐色头发的人
A person, an animal, or a plant whose descent can be traced to a particular individual or group.
子孙，后代其血统可追溯到某特定个体或群体的人、动物或植物
A personal enemy.
个人的仇敌
A petty quarrel or argument; a tiff.
无谓的争吵不重要的争吵或争论；口角
A physical arrangement of elements;("a bit pattern";"a dot-matrix pattern";"a storage pattern").
元素的一种物理排列，例如二进制位模式、点矩阵模式、存储模式。
A piano performance of particular depth and fluidity.
具有不同凡响的深度和流畅性的一次钢琴演奏
A pie or turnover, especially one filled with seasoned meat or fish.
肉馅饼馅饼或半圆形卷饼，尤指内有加了调料的肉体或鱼的
A piece of confidential, advance, or inside information.
秘密消息一个秘密的、事先得知的或内部的消息
A piece of money.
钱钱或硬币
A piece of writing, as on the jacket of a book, containing often exaggerated praise, used for promotional purposes.
过分夸赞的文章一篇通常写在书的封皮页上以促销的充满夸张赞扬之词的文章
A pilot noticed a balloon which seemed to be making for a Royal Air Force Station nearby.
一位飞行员注意到有一个气球似乎朝着附近的皇家空军基地飞去。
A pipe or channel by which liquid is drawn off.
排水管排掉液体的管或通道
A place for keeping, breeding, or observing living insects.
养虫室保存，喂养或观察活的昆虫的地方
A place of congregation, especially an ancient Greek marketplace.
广场，集市集会地点，尤其指古希腊的集市
A place or situation of great suffering and hardship, likened to the atmosphere in a prison system or a forced labor camp.
艰苦磨难引起痛苦和艰难的地方或局势，类似监狱或者劳改集中营内的气氛
A place where grilled foods are served to customers; a grill.
烤肉馆，烧烤店向顾客提供烤菜和烧烤的地方，烤菜餐馆
A place where two things are joined; a junction or joint.
接合点两个物体被接合在一起的地方；交接处或接头
A plain, warp-knitted cloth of any of various yarns.
经编织物一种质地是各种纱的平整的经编织物
A plan was slowly-ting in my mind.
有个计划慢慢地在我脑海中形成。
A plant cultivated for an edible part, such as the root of the beet, the leaf of spinach, or the flower buds of broccoli or cauliflower.
蔬菜因其可食部分而种植的植物，如甜菜根、菠菜叶或者椰菜、花椰菜的花蕾等
A plant yielding this bark.
肉桂，牧桂生桂皮的树木
A platform, as of planking, at the entrance to a dock.
船坞平台船坞入口的平台，如放木材之用
A playful leap or hop.
蹦蹦跳跳或雀跃
A pledge that something will be performed in a specified manner.
保证对某事将以某种特定方式完成的保证
A pocket backyard; a pocket museum.
小后院；迷你博物馆
A poignant memory.
动人的记忆
A pointed arch.
葱形穹顶
A police blotter.
警察记录本
A policy of making higher education available to all and not just a privileged few
使高等教育面向全民而并非少数人的特权的一项政策
A political theory holding that all power should be vested in one ruler or other authority.
专制主义，绝对主义一种所有权力都应该掌握在一个统治者或其它权力机构的政治理论
A polygon whose angles are equal.
等角多边形各角都相等的多边形
A poor performance.
拙劣的表演
A porch or walkway with a roof supported by columns, often leading to the entrance of a building.
柱廊有由圆柱支撑房顶的门廊或走道，通常通往建筑物的入口处
A position at a distance from the inside or center, as of a playing field or racetrack.
界外，外侧位置远离，如运动场或跑道的内部或中心的位置
A positive photograph made directly on an iron plate varnished with a thin sensitized film.
铁版照相直接在用感光底片上了光的铁盘上制成的相片正像
A pound in the purse is worth two in the book.
钱包里一镑，胜过帐上两镑。
A practice, custom, or belief shared by the members of a group as part of their common culture. Often used in the plural.
社会习俗作为他们共同文化的一部分，由一个团体的成员们共享的惯例、风俗或信仰，常用作复数
A predetermined order of succession, as to an estate or to an office.
预定的继承顺序确定的继承权顺序，如对地产或职位
A preliminary sketch similar in size to the work, such as a fresco, that is to be copied from it.
草图在尺寸上与成作如一幅壁画近似的预备性素描，成作要从此草图临摩下来
A presidential candidate, election, policy
总统候选人、选举、政策
A primary division of a kingdom, as of the animal kingdom, ranking next above a class in size.
动物分类的门界的一个基本分支，如动物界的，在范围上大于纲
A print journalist; print coverage.
为出版物写作的记者；为出版物写的报道
A printing mechanism that produces characters by deflecting drops of ink.
通过墨滴喷射与偏转产生字符的一种印刷机械。
A prize cow.
有望得奖的母牛
A procedure to terminate execution of a program when an unrecoverable error or malfunction occurs.
异常结束当一种无法补救的错误或故障发生时中止计算机程序的运行
A prodigal life.
奢侈的生活
A program condition that allows changing or updating data in storage.
对存储器中的数据可进行修改或更新的工作方式。
A program that translates an instruction into a machine language and executes it before proceeding to the next instruction.
解释程序将指令翻译为机器语言并在执行下一个指令之前完成此指令的程序
A project is on foot to build a new tunnel here.
在此地修一条新隧道的计划在执行中。
A promiscuous man; a philanderer.
好色者好色的男人；玩弄女性的男人
A proper or assigned station or place, as for officers and crew on a warship.
住舱区一个适合或被配给的住所或场所，如在军舰上配给军官和船员的
A proposition obtained by conversion.
逆命题通过换位得到的命题
A protective pier or dock apron used as a buffer against floating ice.
桥墩护槛保护桥椁免受浮冰碰撞的护栏或码头围栏
A provincial governor in the Ottoman Empire.
贝伊奥托曼帝国的地方长官
A public institution for the care and protection of children without parents.
孤儿院一个为失去父母的孩子们提供关心和保护的公共机构
A public square or street with houses in a town.
广场，街：镇上的公共广场或有房屋的街
A pulmonary disease of horses that is characterized by respiratory irregularities, such as coughing, and is noticeable especially after exercise or in cold weather.
肺气肿马所患的肺部疾病，其症状是呼吸系统不正常，例如咳嗽，在奔跑之后或是寒冷季节尤为明显
A puppet show; a puppet government.
木偶表演；傀儡政府
A qualifying or amplifying word, phrase, or sentence inserted within written matter in such a way as to be independent of the surrounding grammatical structure.
插入成份，插入词在书写中插入的与上下文的语法结构没有关系的限定或补充的词、短语或句子
A quantum number, either+1(even) or-1(odd), that mathematically describes this property.
量子数的均衡从数学含义来描述对称性的量子数＋1（偶）或－1（奇）
A quick glance.
快速的一瞥
A quorum of such an assembly.
上述会议的法定人数
A radial part or structure, such as a mechanically pivoted arm or the spoke of a wheel.
辐射部分辐射形的部件或结构，如机械上有轴的臂或车轮的辐条
A radio signal tells the pilot of an airplane when his plane is off the beam.
飞机脱离航道时，会有一个无线电信号告诉驾驶员。
A railway employee in charge of a train.
火车列车员管理火车的铁路职员
A raised tank or hopper that maintains a constant pressure or supply to a system, especially the small tank that supplies water to a central heating system.
蓄水塔一个处于高处的用以维持某系统的稳压或供给状况的水箱或漏斗，尤指将水供给中央供暖系统的小水箱
A rapid rise in price soon eventuate in mass unemployment.
价格的快速上涨很快就导致了大量的失业。
A raw portrayal of working-class life
工人阶级生活的真实写照
A really well- made buttonhole is the only link between art and nature.
开得好的钮眼是联系艺术与自然的唯一环节。
A reception held, as by royalty, upon arising from bed.
早晨接见如君主或显贵，刚起床就进行的接见
A record that follows a header.
跟在标头后面的一个记录。
A red flag is a sign of danger.
红旗是危险的信号。
A reduction in value, amount, or degree.
减低价值、程度或数量的减少
A region of atmospheric pressure that is below normal.
低气压区大气压低于正常值的地区
A register whose content changes at regular intervals in such a way as to measure time.
其内容按有规律的间隔进行变化的一种寄存器，可用来度量时间。建议使用timer。
A relative measure of the time delay between two events, states, or mechanisms.
对两个事件、状态或过程间的时间延迟的一种相对量度。
A religious institute in which only simple vows, not solemn vows, are taken.
一个只进行简单宣誓而没严肃宣誓的宗教组织
A removable metal covering for an engine, especially an aircraft engine.
整流罩发动机尤指飞机引擎的可以活动的金属罩
A representation of such an object.
图腾形象这样一种物体的图像
A resident of a district or member of a group represented by an elected official.
选民由一名被选出的官员作代表的选区居民或一组织的成员
A restaurant that specializes in serving steaks and chops.
排骨餐馆一家专门卖牛排及排骨的餐馆
A return envelope that requires no postage is enclosed for your convenience in reply.
为供您回信方便，随信附去免贴邮票的信封一个。
A ribbon made of this fabric.
罗缎缎带用罗缎制成的缎带
A rider came pounding up with an order from the commander in chief.
一个骑马的人带着总司令的命令?N?N地飞奔而来。
A ring or collar of rope used to hoist spars or prevent fraying.
索环一环或一圈绳子，用来升起桅杆或防止磨损
A roasting spit that can be turned.
烤肉叉可以转动的烤肉叉
A rod used to clean the barrel of a firearm.
通条用于清洁火器枪膛的棍子
A room in a facility, such as a school, in which lunches may be purchased or those brought from home may be eaten.
饭堂，饭厅一个机构里的一间屋子（比如学校里的），在这屋子可买午餐，或从家里带来的午餐可在这儿吃
A room painted in restful colors.
房间漆有宁静的颜色
A rosary having beads for five decades of Hail Marys.
串珠项链代表万福玛丽亚五十年珠子的一串念珠
A round the world ticket allow several stopover.
环球飞机票可允许乘客在途经的几地方稍做逗留。
A row, as of leaves or snow, heaped up by the wind.
被风吹而堆起来的一排（树叶、雪等）
A rule that applies to everyone.
适用于每个人的规则
A rural region.
农村地区乡下地区
A salary commensurate with my performance.
薪水与我的工作表现相称
A sandstorm kicked up while we drove through the desert.
我们在沙漠里行驶时，沙暴加强了
A savings plan that paid12 percent interest.
支付百分之十二利率的储蓄计划
A schedule of events.
日程表一些事件的计划表
A scientific discovery that won critical applause.
赢得评论界嘉许的一项科学发现
A screen or fence used to prevent a ball from being thrown or hit far out of a playing area, as in baseball.
场后围栏用于阻止球被投出或打出比赛场地的一种屏障或栅栏，如在棒球比赛中
A seaside town, hotel, holiday
海滨的市镇、旅馆、度假
A second-rate imitator or follower, especially of an artist or a philosopher.
追随者，模仿者二流的模仿者或追随者，尤指追随或模仿艺术家或哲学家的人
A secretary has always been a pink collar job.
秘书总是粉红领阶层所从事的工作。
A security device(often part of a terminal) that reads information(often from a magnetic strip) on a badge inserted in a slot. In this way, it can prevent the unauthorized use of a display station before allowing an operator to sign on.
一种安全设备（通常是终端的一部分），它可以读取插入槽中的标记卡上的信息（这些信息往往以磁条码的形式记录在标记卡上）。用这种办法，在允许操作员进入系统前，可以防止对一个显示工作站的非法使用。参阅badge。
A self-made man? Yes, and worship his creator.
是自己奋斗成功的人士吗？是啊，正在礼拜他的造物主呢。
A sense of humour is prerequisite to understanding her work.
要理解她的作品就必须具有幽默感。
A separation in the boundary layer of fluid about a moving streamlined body, such as the wing of an airplane, causing a breakdown in the smooth flow of fluid and resulting in turbulence.
气流分离移动的流线型的躯体上流体边界层上的分隔物，如飞机的机翼，在平滑的流体流动中会引起故障和湍流
A series of entertainments presented in a nightclub.
歌舞表演夜总会提供的一系列娱乐活动
A series of symbolic body postures and hand movements used in East Indian classical dancing.
手印东印度古典舞中一系列有象征意义的手势或肢体语言
A serum-filled blister formed in or beneath the skin.
疱在皮肤里或下层的一种满含血清的水疱
A set of four persons or things.
四人一组或四物一套
A set of staffs connected in this way.
用这种方式连接的一组五线谱
A severe illness in conjunction with the hot weather has left the baby very weak.
一场重病，再加上炎热的天气，使这个婴儿非常虚弱。
A shady public walk or promenade.
林荫路有林荫的公用步行道或散步区
A share or quota, as of troops, contributed to a general effort.
分遣队为全体之努力而作出贡献的部分或配额，如部队的分遣队
A sharp, high-pitched sound, as that made by a bullet striking metal.
砰、乒、铛如子弹击中金属时发出的尖而高的声音
A sheet of writing or printing paper measuring approximately13 by16 inches.
大页书写纸一张写字或打印的纸，尺寸大约为13×16英寸
A shield placed to protect an object from the wind.
风挡为防止一个物体受风吹而安置的保护物
A ship's crew and officers.
全体船员船上的全体船员与官员
A short addition or concluding section at the end of a literary work, often dealing with the future of its characters.
结尾部分文学作品结束时简短的附加或总结性章节，常常关于作品人物的未来
A short horizontal bar suspended from two parallel ropes, used for exercises or for acrobatic stunts.
吊架一根从两根平行的绳子悬挂下来的水平的短棍，用于体育锻炼或杂技表演
A short piece in a newspaper or magazine.
短文报纸或杂志的一小段
A short street, especially a wide alley walled by buildings on three sides.
短街，死巷短街，尤指三面由建筑物围绕的宽的街道
A short, irregular motion of waves.
碎浪波浪短而不规则地运动
A shortage of building land will push property values up.
建筑用地缺乏将造成房地产价格逐渐上升。
A showy dress, hair-style, manner
花哨的连衣裙、招眼的发型、做作的态度
A sign usually consisting of two vertical dots, indicating a passage to be repeated.
反复记号通常有两个竖直的附点组成的记号，指示应重复的节段
A silky fiber obtained from the fruit of the silk-cotton tree and used for insulation and as padding in pillows, mattresses, and life preservers.
木棉一种绢状纤维，从木棉树的果实中提取出来，用作隔音材料，也可用作枕头，褥垫和救生用具中的垫料
A similar hood often covering the shoulders, worn by soldiers and sailors.
类似帽兜的围巾能围住肩膀的类似的围巾，供士兵和海员围戴
A simple song.
小曲，歌谣
A single beat or throb.
脉动一次搏动或跳动
A single magnetic disk.
单独的一片磁盘。
A single vowel articulated without change in quality throughout the course of a syllable, as the vowel of English bed.
单元音在一个音节的发音过程中不改变音质的单元音，如英文单词bed中的元音
A sizeable field, house, sum of money
相当大的一块地[一所房子／一笔钱]
A slab of stone laid flat over a grave.
平放在墓上的纪念碑石
A slight curving or circular movement in a stem, as of a twining plant, caused by irregular growth rates of different parts.
转头运动植物茎的轻微弯曲或扭转的生长，象双生树那样，由不同部分的不规则生长速度引起
A sliver of citrus peel twisted over or dropped into a beverage for flavoring.
橘子皮放入或加入饮料中调味的一小块橘子皮
A small anchor with three or more flukes, especially one used for anchoring a small vessel.
多爪小艇锚有三爪或更多爪的小锚，尤指用于停泊小船的
A small boil or abscess on the gum, often resulting from tooth decay.
龈脓肿牙床上生的小疖或肿块，常由龋牙引起
A small cave is the only refuge from the cold.
一个小窑洞是抵御寒冷的唯一藏身之处。
A small container for needles, thread, and other sewing equipment.
针线盒用来放置针、线和其他缝纫用品的盒子
A small distinguishing flag displayed by a yacht.
燕尾旗船上做号旗或标志的小旗
A small folded bag filled with lead pellets, used as ammunition in a stun gun.
子弹小袋，豆弹小袋装满铅弹的小折叠袋，用作鸟枪的子弹
A small house or cottage usually having a single story and sometimes an additional attic story.
平房指通常只有一层有时有一个加盖的阁楼的小屋或木屋
A small mass of tissue or aggregation of cells.
结组织的小结块或细胞的聚集
A small or light spar.
帆柱一根小的或轻的桅杆
A small piece of hand luggage.
旅行手提包一种小型手提行李
A small refrigerator, as in a hotel room, stocked with liquor and nonalcoholic beverages.
小酒吧冰箱一种内贮有酒和不含酒精的饮料小型冰箱，如在宾馆的房间里
A small sleeping compartment, especially within a dormitory.
小卧室小卧室，尤指宿舍内的小卧室
A small tower or tower-shaped projection on a building.
塔楼，角塔建筑物上伸出的小型塔或塔状建筑
A small, dry, one-seeded fruit of a cereal grass, having the fruit and the seed walls united.
谷粒谷草的小且干燥的单种子果实，果实与种壁连在一起
A small, minor work.
小的、次要的作品
A small, sharp, local pain, such as that made by a needle or a bee sting.
刺痛小范围，剧烈的局部疼痛，如被针刺或黄蜂螯造成的刺痛
A small, usually rectangular board, used as a game of chance, that contains many holes each filled with a folded slip of paper that when punched out indicates a designated prize, win, or loss.
抽彩盘一种用作赌具盘的通常呈长方形的小盘子，同分布有许多小孔，每个小孔中放有折叠在一起的纸条，纸条被抽出后表明预先指定的价钱、胜利或失败
A smoked sausage of beef or beef and pork made in long, reddish links.
法兰克福香肠制成红红的长串的熏牛肉肠或熏猪肠
A snake god of voodoo cults in West Africa, Haiti, and the southern United States.
蛇神在西非、海地和美国南部等地伏都教崇拜的蛇神
A social, legal, or moral requirement, such as a duty, contract, or promise that compels one to follow or avoid a particular course of action.
义务，责任社会、法律或道德要求，如强迫某人服从或避免某些特定行为的义务、合约或诺言
A soft leather made from the hide of this animal or other animals such as deer or sheep.
羚羊皮由这种动物或其他动物象鹿或绵羊的毛皮做的一种软皮革
A soft, thin cloth woven from Chinese or Indian raw silk or an imitation thereof.
茧绸；山东府绸一种轻柔的薄布料，由中国或印度产的原丝或它们的仿制品织成
A soldier should value honour above life.
战士应该把荣誉看得高于生命。A－200
A solid having such a surface.
超环面物具有超环面的固体
A son of one's brother or sister or the brother or sister of one's spouse.
侄子，外甥兄弟姐妹或配偶的兄弟姐妹的儿子
A sorority house.
女生联谊会会馆
A source of irritation or annoyance.
令人生气的事或者引起烦恼之事
A space, as in a driveway, permitting the turning around of a vehicle.
回车场，回车道公路上的一块地方，允许车辆回旋
A special function key that displays the help menu
显示求助项目单的特殊功能键
A specialized level in a colony of social insects, such as ants, in which the members, such as workers or soldiers, carry out a specific function.
有社会组织的昆虫的阶级群居动物，如蚂蚁的聚居地中的一个特殊阶层，其成员如工蚁或兵蚁在其中发挥特殊的作用
A specific task.
特殊的任务
A speech marked by strong feeling; a tirade.
激辩带有强烈感情的演讲；长篇愤怒的抨击或指控性的演说
A spindle or bobbin around which yarn is wound in weaving.
纡管；纬管在纺织中绕以纱线的锭子或筒管
A spool or reel that holds thread or yarn for spinning, weaving, knitting, sewing, or making lace.
线轴装上线和纱线以供抽丝、缝纫、编织或编制花边的线轴或卷轴
A squalid or filthy condition.
肮脏污秽或肮脏的状态
A staff party, room, meeting
职员的聚会、活动室、会议
A standard procedure ensured that orders were relayed with minimum delay to all sub-units in the division.
一种标准的程序保证各种命令可在最短的时间内下达到师属各部门。
A state fair.
国家博览会
A state of innocence, bliss, or ultimate happiness.
极乐一个单纯、极为快乐或幸福的状态
A state or feeling of nervous agitation or tension.
激动神经兴奋或紧张的状态或情感
A statement, usually an equation, that one thing equals another.
等式一个描述，通常为一个等式，其一部分等于另一部分
A steel ball.
一个钢球
A stiff felt hat with a round crown and a narrow, curved brim.
常礼帽圆顶，窄的弯曲帽檐的硬毡帽
A stock price ex dividend.
不包括股息的股票价格
A stone that has been shaped, polished, or faceted by wind-driven sand.
风棱石，风磨石已被风吹起的沙子磨成形、磨光并磨成面的石头
A storm accompanied by rain.
暴风雨夹着雨的风暴
A story that strained our credibility.
一个超出我们信任程度的故事
A stratagem in which one appears to decline an advantage.
策略一种某人看起来优势减弱的策略
A stream twining through the forest.
蜿蜒着流过森林的溪流
A string or garland, as of leaves or flowers, suspended in a loop or curve between two points.
花彩，花环如叶或花的两端悬挂在圆环或曲状物中的线或花彩
A stroke that lands above the center of a ball, as in golf or tennis, giving it a forward spin.
上部击球击于球中心以上的抽球，使球向前旋转，例如在高尔夫或网球中
A strong man hired as a bodyguard or thug.
雇来作为保镖或者打手的强壮的人
A strongly nasal tone of voice, especially as a peculiarity of certain regional dialects.
鼻音，土音说话时的浓厚的鼻音，尤指某些地方方言的特有的口音
A structure that can be swung, drawn, or lowered to block an entrance or a passageway.
大门一种构造，可被摇晃、牵引或降低，从而堵塞一出口或一过道
A student should always be curious to learn.
学生应该始终具有强烈的求知欲。
A sturdy car that is calculated to last for years; a choice that was calculated to please.
设计能耐用多年的牢固汽车；一项为取悦而设计的选择
A style or individual sample of writing.
笔迹个人的书法笔迹或风格
A substance believed to maintain life indefinitely.
长生不老药被认为可以使生命无限的物质
A substance released into the air to counteract unwanted odors.
空气清香剂释放到空气中以减弱不希望的气味的物质
A substance used to kill or inhibit the growth of algae.
杀藻剂用来杀死或制止水藻生长的物质
A substance, such as stone, sand, salt, or coal, that is extracted or obtained from the ground or water and used in economic activities.
矿物一种物质，如石头、沙子、盐或煤，从土地或水中提取或获得，用于经济运行中
A sudden and severe strain was placed upon us by the cutting off of these supplies.
由于供给突然被切断，我们感到了沉重的压力。
A sudden light that made me blink.
突然而来的光亮让我睁不开眼睛
A sudden shut-in feeling come over her after everybody leave.
当大家都走了之後，一种突生的孤独感向她袭来。
A sudden, violent disturbance of the mind.
脑猝变智力的突然的、剧烈的病变
A sum of money paid as bail or surety.
保证金用作保释金或保证金的钱
A sun-dried, unburned brick of clay and straw.
风干土坯风干且未烧过的粘土与稻草做成的砖
A supplementary set of keys, usually numerical and arranged like a calculator, added to a keyboard.
一组增设的键盘，通常是数字型的，其排列方式与计算器的排列方式相似，附设在主键盘上。
A surface containing all the straight lines that connect any two points on it.
平面包含面上所有连接任意两点的直线的平面
A suspension of work.
工作暂时搁置
A sweet fortified wine originally made in Greece and now produced mainly in Madeira.
马姆齐甜酒一种甜味的烈性葡萄酒，原产于希腊，现在主要产于马德拉
A swelling or small palpable mass.
肿胀肿块或小的可摸到的块
A symbiotic relationship between organisms in which one species is harmed or inhibited and the other species is unaffected.
片害共栖有机体之间共生的作用关系，一个物种受另一个物种侵害或抑制，而后者不受前者的影响
A system holding that all knowledge is derived from original divine revelation and is transmitted by tradition.
一种认为所有的知识都来自于最初的神的启示并由口传方式传播的体系
A system of vowels used in a language or dialect.
元音系统用于语言或方言的元音系统
A table in the dining room above.
楼上餐厅的一张桌子
A tall tree once stood here.
这曾经有一棵大树。
A tax break for charitable contributions.
为慈善赠品提供的优惠税额
A team with depth at every position.
此队的每个防御位置都有其后备力量
A telegram sent by submarine cable.
海底电报通过海底电缆拍发的电报
A temporary immunity or exemption; a reprieve.
宽恕；赦免临时性的豁免或免除；缓期，暂减
A tennis contest won by the player or side that wins a specified number of sets, usually two out of three or three out of five.
网球赛一方赢得规定盘数便告结束的网球比赛，通常是三盘两胜或五盘三胜
A term used to denote a spectacular failure in a program which results in the disruption of the entire computer system.
此术语用来表示程序中会导致整个计算机系统破坏的严重故障。参阅abend。
A test or standard used in measurement, comparison, or judgment.
尺度在衡量、比较或判断中所用的评判标准或标准
A theory holding that economic variations within a given system, such as changing rates of inflation, are most often caused by increases or decreases in the money supply.
货币主义一种认为在某一特定系统内的经济变动，如通货膨胀的利率变动，主要是由货币供应量的增减引起的理论
A thick syrup produced in refining raw sugar and ranging from light to dark brown in color.
废糖蜜提炼粗糖过程中产生的，颜色从淡到深褐色的一种粘性糖桨
A thin coat gives little protection against the cold.
一件薄上衣没有什么御寒作用。
A thin sheet of natural or synthetic material that is permeable to substances in solution.
膜由天然的或合成的材料制成的薄片，可允许溶液中之溶质通过
A thin, sharpened side, as of the blade of a cutting instrument.
利刃一种薄而锋利的侧边，如切割用具的刀锋
A thousand conflicting thoughts rushed through his mind.
千百种矛盾的思想接连出现在他的脑海里。
A thrill-packed television series.
一部充满了紧张感的电视系列剧
A ticklish matter.
一件棘手的事
A tightly stretched sheet or membrane, as on the head of a drum.
绷紧的薄膜状物挤压得很紧的平板或薄膜，如鼓面
A tiny electronic device with standardized dimensions(usually fabricated using semiconductor techniques) capable of performing one or more functions in a circuit.
通常用半导体技术制作的、具有标准化尺寸的一种微型电子器件，能实现一种或多种电路功能。
A token payment.
象征性付款
A tool for making such a hole.
埋关钻制造这种孔的工具
A top hat is a rare sight these days.
高顶大礼帽现在已不多见。
A tough negotiator who had a number of cards up his sleeve.
一个拥有很多锦囊妙计的难以对付的谈判者
A town of eastern Massachusetts, a residential suburb of Boston. Population, 33,284.
沃特敦美国马萨诸塞州东部一镇，波士顿的居住郊区。人口33，284
A town of southeast Massachusetts near the Rhode Island border southwest of Boston. It was settled in1660. Population, 22,095.
富兰克林美国曼彻斯特东南部一城镇，邻罗得岛边缘，位于波士顿西南部。1666年在此建立了殖民地。人口22，095
A town of southwest France at the foot of the Pyrenees. It is noted for its Roman Catholic shrine marking the site where the Virgin Mary is said to have appeared to Saint Bernadette in1858. Population, 17,425.
卢尔德法国西南部比利牛斯山脚下的一个城镇，以罗马天主教的圣地而闻名。这个圣地传统是1858年圣母玛利亚出现在圣伯纳前的地方。人口17，425
A track runs across the field to his house.
一条小路穿过原野通到他的家。
A trademark used for a brand of petroleum jelly.
凡士林用来作为石油脂的商标
A trademark used for a whirlpool bath or a device that swirls water in a bath.
佳骨肌泡沫浴装置一种用于涡流式沐浴或用于在浴池中产生漩涡的装置的商标
A tragic poet.
一位悲剧诗人
A transaction on the stock market involving both a sale and a purchase.
股票交易股票交易市场上的一次交易，涉及买和卖
A transmission or a motor vehicle with an automatic gear-shifting mechanism.
自动传动装置一种带有可自动换档机制的传动器或汽车
A travel company used as a front for bringing dangerous drugs into the country.
被利用作掩护把毒品带进那个国家的旅游公司。
A trial in the lab with a carbonated beverage in glass: the fall in slow motion.
这个实验向人们展示了装有碳酸类饮料的玻璃瓶子落地时的慢动作。
A trick of sunlight.
阳光造成的错觉
A tropical cyclone occurring in the western Pacific or Indian oceans.
台风发生在西太平洋或印度洋的热带暴风
A truck that corners poorly.
转弯角度不好的卡车
A tub for bathing, especially one installed in a bathroom.
浴缸澡盆，尤指固定设置在浴室内
A tunnel dug to intercept and destroy an enemy's mine.
对抗地道截断或破坏敌人坑道而挖的地道
A two-bit cigar.
25美分一支的雪茄
A type of microfilm used especially to photograph the pages of books.
微缩胶卷专门拍摄书页用的一种显微胶片
A unifying bond, especially a marriage bond.
结合一种联结的纽带，尤指婚姻纽带
A unit of currency in Angola.
勒韦安哥拉一货币单位
A unit of currency in Saudi Arabia.
库什沙特阿拉伯的一种货币单位
A unit of length equal to either the width or the length of the hand.
一掌长，一掌宽与手掌的长或宽相等的一种长度单位
A unit of quantity for cut fuel wood, equal to a stack measuring4?? feet or128 cubic feet(3.62 cubic meters).
考得木材堆的体积单位，等于4??英尺或128立方英尺（3。62立方米）的堆
A unit of weight formerly used in Spanish-speaking countries, equal to about11.3 kilograms(25 pounds).
厄罗伯曾用于西班牙语国家的重量单位，约等于11。3公斤（25磅）
A usually alcoholic drink taken just before bedtime.
睡前饮料在睡前饮用的一种饮料，通常含酒精
A usually rectangular pad of heavy cloth filled with soft material or an arrangement of coiled springs, used as or on a bed.
褥垫，床垫通常为长方形的棉布垫，内装柔软材料或排列好的弹簧，常用于床上
A vacant estate.
无人断承的房产
A valley with hills on either side.
山谷两边有山的谷地
A variety of apple having fruit with dark red skin.
晚熟苹果一种皮的颜色为暗红色的苹果
A vehicle drawn by four horses.
四乘驾由四匹马拉的马车
A vent to permit the escape of air or other gas.
气孔空气或其它气体通出的通道
A vertical bolt that joins the body of a wagon or other vehicle to its front axle and usually acts as a pivot.
中心销连接马车或其它车辆的车身和它的前轴的垂直栓销，一般起枢轴作用
A very handsome man.
非常英俊的男子
A very small car, especially a subcompact.
微型小客车一种非常小的小汽车，尤指微型小汽车
A vessel or dish designed for the poaching of food, such as eggs or fish.
蒸锅，炖蛋锅如为煮鸡蛋或鱼等食物而设计的一种器具或盘子
A victory in boxing in which one's opponent is unable to rise from the canvas within a specified time after being knocked down.
判败击倒在拳击比赛中，对手在被击倒后的一定时间未能从拳台上站起来而取得的胜利
A villain, especially a hired killer.
杀手亡命之徒，尤指雇佣杀手
A virtual state of war exist between the two countries.
这两国间实际上处於战争状态。
A visual memory of the scene.
对场景的形象记忆
A volatile, flammable fraction of petroleum, obtained by distillation and used as a solvent.
石油类是石油当中易挥发，易点燃的成分。通过蒸馏获得，用作溶剂
A waistcoat; a vest.
紧身背心；马甲
A wall hanging; a tapestry.
挂毯挂在壁上的（毯子）；挂毯
A warm drink consisting of wine or ale mixed with sugar, eggs, bread, and various spices, sometimes given to ill persons.
热饮料含有葡萄酒或淡啤酒的微热饮品，混有糖、鸡蛋、面包和各种香料，有时给病人饮用
A wary glance at the black clouds.
谨慎地瞥了一眼乌云
A water power station must have a dam.
水电站必须有拦河坝。
A way of acting; bearing or behavior.
举止行为的方式；举止或行为
A weather-beaten face.
饱经风霜的脸
A week of rain.
下雨的一周
A well devoid of water is useless.
无水的井没有用途。
A westward direction, point, or region.
西方，西部朝西的方向、地点或地区
A whip or rope made of rawhide.
生牛皮鞭由生牛皮制成的鞭或绳
A white pigment consisting of a mixture of zinc sulfide, zinc oxide, and barium sulfate.
锌钡白一种由硫化锌、氧化锌和硫酸钡混合构成的白色色素
A whooping crane.
美洲鹤，高叫鹤
A wide-sleeved garment worn by an English monarch at his or her coronation.
加冕服在国王或女王加冕典礼时，英国国王穿的有宽大衣袖的衣服
A will of iron.
坚强的意志
A wise and trusted counselor or teacher.
贤明和忠实的顾问或良师
A wobbling motion.
摇摆的动作
A woman having a mezzo-soprano voice.
女中音歌手有次高音嗓音的女子
A woman of mixed racial ancestry, especially of mixed European and Native American ancestry.
女混血儿具有混合的种族血统的女人，尤指欧洲人与美洲印第安人的女混血儿
A woman regarded as ugly or terrifying.
丑陋的或令人厌恶的女人
A woman who has a continuing sexual relationship with a usually married man who is not her husband and from whom she generally receives material support.
情妇与通常是已婚但又不是自己丈夫的男子保持长久的性关系，并从他那里得到物质支持的女人
A woman who is the eldest or senior member of a group.
女老前辈一个团体中最年长或地位最高的女性
A woman who sponsors a person at baptism.
教母在儿童受洗礼时担任教母的女子
A woman's dress or skirt.
柯特尔女长袍女人穿的礼服或女裙
A wonder lasts but nine days.
[谚]什么事儿都新鲜不了多久。
A woolen, often ribbed fabric formerly used for hose and trousers.
克尔赛呢过去用来做齐膝短裤和裤子的一种常有罗纹的毛料织物
A word or phrase formed by reordering the letters of another word or phrase, such as satin to stain.
换音造词法，回文构词法变换字母顺序以形成另一词，如Satin变为Stain
A word with two syllables.
双音节词有两个音节的词
A work produced for the stage, screen, television, or radio.
电视、广播或演出节目为舞台、银幕、电视或电台制作的作品
A worthless, despicable person.
无用的人没有价值的、可鄙的人
A writ issued by a superior court ordering a public official or body or a lower court to perform a specified duty.
书面训令高级法院指令某官员或机构或某下级法院去履行某项特定义务的书面文件
A written message; a letter.
信件书写下来的信息
A yarn or fiber made of or containing metal.
金属纤维用金属制成的或含有金属的纱线或纤维
A young cow or bull.
小牛年幼的母牛或公牛
A young man of great physical beauty.
健美男子体形极美的年轻男子
A young student fainted in the hot sun.
有个年幼的学生在炎炎烈日下晕倒了。
A-is a great schoolmaster].
[谚]逆境是锻炼人的最好场所。
A5% commission means an increase in our price.
百分之五的佣金就等于价格提高了。
Abide by laws
遵守法律
Abnormal enlargement of the breasts in a male.
男子女性型乳房男性胸部的异常增大
About Ag
关于年龄
About income, I think most people deserve more than what they get.
谈到收入，我想大多数人都应得到比他们现在得到的更多些。
About two thousand men were ganged out to strengthen the works.
约有二千人编组成军加强防御工事。
Abraham Lincoln, the president loved by American people was always close to the people.
亚伯拉罕·林肯，这位美国人民所爱戴的总统，与人民群众的联系始终很密切。
Absent or diminished fertility.
不育没有生育力或生育能力减低
Abundant use of words without conveying much meaning.
空话，套话大量地使用言辞却不含有什么意思
Acceptance of the belief that all events are predetermined and inevitable.
对宿命论的信仰接受所有事情是预先注定、不可避免的这一信仰的接受
Accompanying me was a Mr.Kao, director of the hospital.
陪我的是一位高先生，他是医院院长。
According to our present idea of physics, nothing can travel faster than light.
根据我们现在物理学的概念，没有什麽东西能超过光速。
According to the newspaper, the congressman is murdered.
根据报纸所述，议员是被谋杀的。
Account sales; a/s
销售帐单，销货单
Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
神探飞机头1／宠物侦探
Act of examining, cleaning or repairing sth thoroughly
对某物彻底的检查、清理或检修
Acting on inside information, the police were able to arrest the gang before the robbery occurred.
警方根据匪徒内部情报，在劫案发生前把他们一网打尽。
Acting, moving, or capable of acting or moving quickly; swift.
快的，敏捷的行为的、动作的，或能够快速行为或运动的；敏捷的
Acts of war; overt warfare.
战争行为；公开战争
Actually, I'd like to try my hand at something completely different.
实际上，我愿意试着干一下完全不同的事情。
Adam won't allow anyone to chisel in on his profits.
亚当不允许任何人染指他的利益。
Add these numbers together.
把这些数目加在一起。
Addressed us over the loudspeaker; can't tell you over the phone.
透过扩音器对我们演讲；不能通过电话告诉你
Adios　　　　　　　　　　　　　
（西班牙文的「上帝祝福你。」）
Admittedly, he is rather foolish.
无人否认他是相当愚蠢的。
Adverb is used to modify verb, such as"quickly" in"she runs quickly".
副词用来修饰动词，例如：“她快快地跑”中的“快快地”。
Advise how shipper dispose towards market movement?
对市场动态，烦告货主意向如何？
Affected by improper nutrition or an insufficient diet.
营养不良的受营养不良或食量不足影响的
Affecting or peculiar to animals of a specific geographic area. Used of a disease.
地方性的影响或特别作用于某一特定地区的动物的，用于疾病
Afraid of being cut off, they lost no time in turning back.
为怕给敌人切断，他们急忙撤了回来。
After Friday I need never go to the office again.
从星期五以后，我再也不必到办公室去了。
After Mary finished her work, she went home.
玛丽工作结束以后，回家去了。
After a bad fall I am out of action for a month.
我在重重地摔了一跤後，有一个月的时间不能行动。
After a fellow gets famous it doesn't take long for someone to bob up that used to sit by him at school.
人在成名之后，不久就会忽地出现一个据说在学校里常与他同座的人。
After a few warm-up toss, he put the shoot63 feet6 inch.
几次试掷之後，他把铅球投出六十三英尺六英寸远。
After a lapse of several years he came back to see us.
事隔几年后，他又回来看望我们了。
After a long period of rain the river may overflow its banks.
在一个长时间的降雨之后，河水会漫过河岸。
After a pause he continued his story.
停顿一下之后他继续说他的。
After a six-hour journey from Scotland the train arrived in London right on the nose.
从苏格兰出发，经过６小时的运行后，列车正点到达伦敦。
After a week's work I like to retreat to the country to relax.
工作一周之後，我喜欢躲到乡下松弛一下。
After all he is still a schoolboy.
他终归是个小学生。
After all, it is a waste of time to go over ground that has already been covered thoroughly.
对于已经被充分研究过的领域再去研究毕竟是浪费时间。
After being insulted like that, my blood is really up!
受到这样的侮辱，我不禁怒火中烧！
After cutting through a stretch or pathways, I reached the highway leading towards the mine.
我抄近路走了一段小路后，就上了通往发现这篇文章还是有不少精辟之处。
After eating the loaf he whisked the crumbs off his coat.
他吃完面包後，去外套上的面包屑。
After getting that rise my finances are finally are finally in good shape.
在提高了工资后，我的经济情况终于使我感到满意。
After having pointedly warned Baghdad not to use poison gas or combat aircraft anywhere in Iraq, warnings that had encouraged the rebellion, Mr.Bush pulled up short when Iraq continued to fly combat helicopters against the insurgents.
经过特别警告巴格达不得在伊拉克任何地方使用毒气和作战飞机（这些警告鼓励了少数民族叛变）以后，当伊拉克继续用作战直升机对付叛军时，布什却半途而废未加制止。
After he was arrested, the man admitted hiding in the box before the plane left London.
被捕后，他承认在飞机离开伦敦以前他就藏在箱子里。
After his heart attack, uncle was advised to refrain from sex for several weeks.
心脏病发作过后，叔叔被建议几周内节制性生活。
After liberation, we rooted out a number of counter-revolutionaries.
解放以后，我们肃清了一批反革命分子。
After making a full confession, she felt purged of any sense of sin.
经过一次彻底的忏悔后，她感到所有的罪恶感都已被清除掉了。
After much applause the audience went home.
热烈掌声过後，观众都回家去了。
After much toe and fro we get all the children back to their home.
我们来来往往很多次把孩子们都送回家了。
After owning the firm for some twenty years, Mr.Thompson sold up and went abroad.
汤普森先生把自己经营20多年的公司卖掉后到国外去了。
After reading the essay for the third time, she decided to call it a day.
她将论文读过第三遍以后，决定暂时停止。
After selling his car for twice the amount he paid for it last year, he's sitting
他以去年买时的两倍价格卖了他的车，现在日子过得很舒适。
After she wrote the melody, she asked us for criticisms.
她作好曲之后，就请我们提意见。
After some discussion we arrive at a compromise.
经过一番讨论之后，我们达成一项折衷方案。
After subtracting food and energy costs, which can vary widely each month, the Producer Price Index for Finished Goods still rose at a moderately fast clip of four-tenths of1 percent, compared with a two-tenth rises in April.
减去食物与能源的费用以后——这两项每月可能大幅变动——成品制造价格指数仍以略快的速度攀升百分零点四，相形之下，四月份仅上升零点二。
After talking together, they threw out several good ideas.
他们讨论之后，提出了几个好主意。
After that the road falls away to the city.
过了那个地方后，通往城里的这条路地势斜陡。
After the accident with my new car, I was￡500 out of pocket.
我的新汽车出了事故后，我白花了五百镑。
After the congress, the secretariat moved from Shanghai to Beijing.
代表大会召开之后，书记处由上海迁到了北京。
After the explosion, police clamped down and let no more visitors inside the monument.
爆炸之后，警察实行戒严，纪念馆里禁止参观者入内。
After the heavy snowfall the groundsman was whistling in the dark when he promised that the pitch would be clear for a three o'clock kick-off.
大雪之后，球场管理员答应3点钟足球比赛之前能把球场清理干净时，他实在是在强鼓勇气。
After the period of two years the agreement may be canceled at any time without prior notice.
在二年期限届满后，此协议可随时取消而不予先通知。
After the scandal, he have to send in his papers.
出了丑闻後，他不得不辞职。
After the tournament, they played three friendly matches.
锦标赛结束之后，他们进行了三场友谊赛。
After these dry days, everyone hopes for rain.
干燥的天气之后，人人都希望下雨。
After trying for weeks to close the deal we finally brought it to pass.
经过数周努力去结束这笔交易，我们终于成功了。
After walking through the field, my boots were caked with mud.
穿过了那片田地，我的靴子粘满了烂泥。
After working abroad for several years, Gill wants to settle down to a permanent job in Britain.
在国外工作了几年后，吉尔决定在英国定居并找份永久性的工作。
After you!
请您先走！
Again and again; repeatedly.
一次又一次地；重复地
Age has silvered his hair.
年老使他的头发变白。
Agreeably to your request, we have send you, through messrs. yamada* co.,40 bales of cotton.
依照您的要求，我们已通过山田公司向您发去40包棉花。
Ah, here's our food.
呵，我们的饭来了。
Aim at one bird, don't blaze into the brown.
瞄准一只鸟打，不要向整个鸟群开枪。
Air is a mixture, not a compound of gases.
空气是气体的混合物，不是化合物。
Al causes operated to bring about the war.
那场战争的起因有几个。
Alcohol acts on the brain.
酒精影响脑子。
Alfred was a devil-may-care youth but became more serious as he grew older.
艾尔弗雷德本是一个对什么都满不在乎的青年，但长在以后；他却变得认真起来。
Alice would play the devil with me for my stupidity.
爱丽丝会对我的愚蠢行为十分恼火的。
All I hope is that this recent accident has brought him to his senses.
我只希望最近的这件意外事故已使他醒悟。
All aircraft at London airport is grounded by fog today.
因今天有雾，伦敦机场的所有飞机都被迫停飞。
All at once she lost her temper.
她突然发起脾气来。
All but my auntie have had lunch.
除了我的婶婶以外，大家都吃了中饭了。
All educationalists agree that the child is the father of the man.
教育学家都同意成人的个性在童年养成这一看法。
All foreign visitors must register with the state official on entering the country.
所有外国游客一进入本国就必须向国家官员进行登记。
All hell breaks loose when his wife discovers he is fooling around with another woman.
当他太太发现他跟别的女人胡搞时，情况变成一团混乱。
All his attempts to unlock the door were futile, because he was using the wrong key.
他多次尝试打开门锁，但都不得要领，因为他用错了钥匙。
All his life he strove for the good of the people.
他一辈子都为人民的利益而奋斗。
All hope of improvement has been snatched away by the sudden worsening of her condition.
她的病情突然恶化，使一切康复的希望都化为泡影。
All kinds of forces come into play when a nation's vital interests are threatened.
当一个国家的生死攸关的利益受到威胁时，各种力量都开始发挥作用。
All members of my family make old bones; my father was over eighty years old when he died.
我家里人的寿命都很长，我的父亲活到８０多岁才去世。
All my life, as down an abyss without a bottom, I have been pouring vanloads of information into that vacancy of oblivion I call my mind.
我一生，就像沉在一个无底的深渊，一直在把一车车的见闻，倒进那个我称之为精神的遗忘之空虚里去。
All night we hear the drip drip drip of the rain.
我们一整夜都听到雨水的滴滴答答声。
All of the recent Rodgers and Hammerstein productions have been smash hits.
罗杰斯和哈默斯坦最近制作的影片都非常卖座。
All of us cried when our house went under the hammer.
我家的房子被卖掉了，我们全哭了。
All our electric motors are guaranteed for one year; in the event of mechanical failure, the makers will replace any faulty part free.
我们的全部电机都包换1年；如出现机械故障，任何有故障的零部件均由制造厂无偿更换。
All passengers change here for Hangzhou.
去杭州的所有旅客都在这里换车。
All questions of cost will be remitted to the officer In charge of the accounts.
所有的开销问题都要报请那位负责账目的官员同意。
All right, I'll order the same.
行，我也点同样的。
All right, no need to say more.
好了，不要再说了。
All right. We'll order5,000 pieces.
我们就订购五千台吧。
All students like to help the old man.
所有的学生都喜欢帮助这位老人。
All the First Families in the States were related.
所有美国的名门望族都沾亲带故。
All the arrangements have been set up for the journalists to meet the chairman.
所有这些安排都是为了主席会见记者们而筹划的。
All the catalogues are in alphabetical order by author, title, and subject.
所有目录都是以作者姓名、书名及主题按字母顺序编制的。
All the country hated the king.
全国人民都恨国王。
All the evidence I have collected boils down to the fact that he is a shop lifter.
我收集到的所有证据可归结为一个事实，即他是一个从商店行窃的扒手。
All the furniture has been disposed of.
所有的家具都已处理掉了。
All the guests rose from the table to drink the health of the happy couple.
所有的客人离开桌子起身为这对幸福夫妇的健康干杯。
All the mice in the study expressed the defect.
所有供研究的老鼠都证明了它们基因的缺陷
All the others ran away, but I sat tight.
别人都跑了，但我在原地没动。
All the planes were socked in yesterday because of the thick mist.
由于雾大，昨天所有的飞机都停飞了。
All the seat-covers on the train had been torn by vandals.
列车上所有的椅套都被蓄意破坏者撕破了。
All the streets were decked with flags to celebrate the victory.
所有的街道都用彩旗装饰起来庆祝胜利。
All the time he was boasting about his adventures, Celia was gazing at him with her big round eyes as much as to say"What a wonderful man you are! "
他一直都在吹虚着他的冒险经历，西莉亚睁大圆圆的眼睛看着他，似乎是说：“你是个多么了不起的男子汉啊！”
All the woodpeckers have scansorial feet.
所有的啄木鸟都有适於攀爬的脚。
All their defences were beaten down by the tanks.
他们的防御工事统统被坦克摧毁夷平。
All these fact have borne out the hypothesis.
所有这些事实证明了假设的正确性。
All they done is they are in bikini to show the beauty of their body from different angles.
她们所做的是穿上比基尼服装从不同的角度显示她们的身体美。
All this electrical wiring will take a day to set up.
所有这些电线架线要花一天时间安装好。
All this must happen with very great speed, and only those who have had a lot of practice at table tennis can do this successfully.
所有这一切的反应都要非常迅速，只有那些打乒乓训练有素的人，才能成功地做到。
All those men were jostling with each other on the running track, as if the result was so important.
瞧那些人在跑道上你冲我撞的，似乎比赛的结果真的就是那样重要。
All want to stress is this.
我所要强调就是这点。
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
只工作不玩耍，聪明杰克也变傻。
All-dimensional, multitiered and wide-ranging opening pattern
全方位、多层次、宽领域的对外开放格局
Allow me to introduce my self.
允许我把我自己向你介绍。
Allowed up to two hours to finish the test.
允许学生有两个小时来完成考试
Almost any kind of a shelter sufficed for the man who came to make his stake and leave again.
对于一个来这儿挣了钱就走的人来说，只要能遮风避雨，几乎任何住所都行。
Along with the increase of age, then people do not like the illusion.
随着年龄的增长，人们就不那么喜欢幻想了。
Also, sometimes, intelligent. With a function that can be established or changed by means of a program;("a programmable terminal";"a programmable machine tool").
其功能可以利用程序建立或改变的，有时也称智能的（例如“一个可编程终端”，“一个可编程的机床”）。
Although I got up with a headache, I went to work as usual.
尽管早上起来头疼，我还是照常上班。
Although at first that new technique seemed difficult to them. they soon got on to it.
虽然起初他们对掌握那项新技术感到困难，可是他们很快就学会了。
Although he may be troubled, he always presents a calm smiling face.
尽管他也会有烦恼，但他总是露出一副平静的笑容。
Although her father is in the firm she got the job on her own.
尽管她父亲在公司里，但她那份工作却是靠自己得到的。
Although our joking was all in fun, Joe took it to heart.
尽管我们只是开开玩笑，乔却很在意。
Although she was still ill, she discharged herself from hospital.
她虽然病体未愈，却自己离开了医院。
Although the surgeon was directly responsible for performing the heart transplant operation, all the theatre staff had a hand is its success.
尽管这位外科医生直接负责做心脏移植手术，但是手术室的所有人员都参与了这次成功的手术。
Although we call him nobody home, he is very smart.
虽然我们叫他疯子，可他非常精明。
Always a clever diplomatist, he played off one potential enemy of his country against another, and so kept them divided.
机敏的外交家总是利用她的国家的潜在的敌人去反对另一敌人，从而使他们相互对立。
Am I a teacher or a student?
我是教师还是学生？
Am I to come at six?
我得在6点钟来吗？
America and China accepted the challenge to strengthen the ties that bind us, to cooperate for greater prosperity among our people, and to strive for a more secure and just peace in the world.
美国和中国为加强我们之间的纽带，为两国人民享有更高度的繁荣而合作，为争取世界更可靠和公正的和平，曾接受过时代的挑战。
American humor is founded largely on hyperbole.
美国式的幽默主要以夸张为基础。
Among so many distinguished people, she felt quite out of it.
在这许多要人中间，她感到她是个局外人。
Amy asks whether his friend will be at home.
爱米问他的朋友是否会在家。
An Australian-administered island in the eastern Indian Ocean south of Java. It was annexed by Great Britain in1888 and came under Australian sovereignty in1958.
圣诞岛爪哇岛南部印度洋东部的一座岛屿，由澳大利亚管辖。在1888年由英国吞并，1958年主权归澳大利亚
An Irish woman vowed that no man should have her daughter as wife who hadn't his cake baked.
一个爱尔兰妇人申言，生活不富裕的男子休想娶她的女儿为妻。
An abnormal fear of the number13.
十三数恐怖对数目十三的不正常的恐怖
An aborted organism.
流产的生物体
An academic course training students in journalism.
新闻学训练学生从事新闻工作的一门学科
An account of the life and manner of death of a martyr.
殉教者列传殉教者传记及死亡记录
An acquisitive mind.
易获得信息的头脑
An act of giving aid; help.
助人行为；帮助
An act or event that provokes or is used to justify war.
战争原因引发或被用来作为战争借口的行为或事件
An active member of a club.
俱乐部的积极参加者
An actor's foray into politics.
一演员对政治的尝试性介入
An address that usually tells a processor to use a service routine.
一种地址，它通常指示处理机去执行一个服务例行程序。
An admirer or a disciple of Richard Wagner.
作曲家瓦格那的崇拜者或门徒
An adventurer who engages in a private military action in a foreign country.
军事冒险家在国外从事秘密军事行动的冒险者
An affected, often haughty pose; affectation.
装腔作势做作的且常是傲慢的姿态；虚假
An agent that causes loss of sensation with or without the loss of consciousness.
麻醉剂一种导致感觉缺失但知觉或有或无的药剂
An aggregation of similar devices, such as transformers or lamps, connected to each other and used cooperatively.
一种由一些相似设备（如转换器、指示灯等）组合而成的聚合体，这些设备相互连接、协同使用。
An agreement signed by a child is void.
由儿童签署的协议是无效的。
An airplane built to fly vertically as well as forward.
垂直升降飞机一种既可向前飞亦可垂直飞行的飞机
An all night television special on the election
电视上整夜的选举专题报道
An alloy of iron and silicon used in the production of carbon steel.
硅铁一种用于生产碳素钢的铁和硅的合金
An ambitious politician, guided by expediency rather than principle.
一个有野心的政客，常为自身利益而不是原则来指导
An amount paid or required in payment for a purchase; a price.
费用为购买而付出的或要求的数量；价格
An ancient Persian unit of distance, usually estimated at3.5 miles(5.6 kilometers).
巴拉尚古波斯的一种长度单位，通常等于3。5英里（5。6公里）
An ancient region of southwest Palestine. Strategically located on a trade route from Egypt to Syria, the cities of the region formed a loose confederacy important in biblical times.
非利士巴勒斯坦西南一古代地区，战略上位于从埃及到叙利亚的贸易路线上，在圣经时代，这个地区的城市形成了一个松散的同盟重地
An animal structure or material, such as ivory, resembling bone.
骨状物动物的象骨头一样的结构或物质，如象牙
An annual award for outstanding achievement in the theater.
托妮奖授予在戏剧方面有杰出贡献的年度奖
An apartment on one floor of a building.
公寓建筑物内同一层楼的一套公寓
An apparent advantage.
表面上的优势
An apt student.
一个聪颖的学生
An area containing abundant deposits of gold or gold ore.
金矿区蕴藏大量黄金或金矿的地区
An area or a region distinguished from adjacent parts by a distinctive feature or characteristic.
地带，带以特有的外貌或特点而区别于临近部分的地区或区域
An arena where contests and spectacles are held.
竞技场所举行比赛或表演的圆形角斗场
An arrangement made from a series of melodies, often from various sources.
混成曲通常是来自不同曲作者的一系列乐曲的组合
An arrow went past his car, narrowly missing his head.
一支箭从他耳边掠过，差一点射中头部。
An article or object that is not easily broken.
牢不可破的轻易打不破的物体或目标
An artist or a writer whose work is imbued with idealism.
理想主义艺术家作品充满了理想主义的艺术家或作家
An assembly line turning out cars.
生产小汽车的流水线
An association of farmers founded in the United States in1867.
格兰其1867年在美国成立的农民协会
An astronaut will attempt to leave the stationary spaceship and then return to it.
一名宇航员试着离开静止不动的宇宙飞船，然后再返回。
An attachment for a lathe consisting of a rotating cylindrical block holding various cutting tools.
转动架，转塔车床上的附属物，由一个可安装各种刀具的可旋转的圆筒组成
An attempt to seize control of a company, as by acquiring a majority of its stock.
侵吞获得对某公司支配权的努力，如通过获得该公司的大部分股票
An auspicious time to ask for a raise in salary.
一个要求增加工资的有利时机
An authorization to a debtor, such as a bank or nation, permitting temporary suspension of payments.
延缓偿付对于借款人，例如一个银行或国家，允许暂时延缓偿还借款的授权
An auxiliary structure or the external surface of a vehicle, such as an aircraft, that serves to reduce drag.
整流装置运载工具（如飞机的）用以减少阻力的一种附件或外部表面
An awkward or tactless act, manner, or expression.
笨拙行为一种笨拙或不老练的行为、方式或表情
An early form of cannon that fired stone balls.
射石炮早期发射石弹大炮的一种
An earnest request or petition; a plea.
迫切要求或恳求；请求
An eccentric person, especially one who is unduly zealous.
异人古怪的人，尤指过分狂热的人
An educated manner.
有教养的举止
An ego that crumbles under pressure.
一个在重压下衰败的时代
An electrical relay used to control the flow of power in a circuit.
开关一种用来控制电路中电流量的电流器件
An element forming stable compounds
可形成稳定的化合物的元素
An eloquent speaker; an eloquent sermon.
一个雄辩的演讲家；雄辩的说教
An emotional man, actor, character, nature
易动感情的男子、演员、性格、天性
An encircling band for holding in a baby's protruding navel.
脐带连于婴儿突出的肚脐上的环绕带
An encyclopaedia published in25 weekly parts
个星期出齐的一套百科全书
An engineer trained in highway construction; worked in construction for seven years.
受过高速工路建筑技术培训的工程师；施工了七年
An entertainment routine given regularly by a performer; an act.
固定表演由表演者定期表演的娱乐性常规剧目；表演
An equation or inequality relating the variables in an optimization problem.
在优化问题中，一种表示若干变量相互关系的方程（式）或不等式。
An escape from jail.
越狱从监狱中逃跑
An establishment that provides lodging and usually meals and other services for travelers and other paying guests.
旅馆为旅行者或其他付钱的客人提供住宿，通常也供应膳食和其他服务的大住宅
An evening with them was an evening spent taking part in a conversation that was seasoned with wit.
同他们度过一个晚上，就等于参加一次妙趣横生的谈话。
An exact amount or number.
量确定的数或量
An exceptionally swift kangaroo.
行动极其敏捷的袋鼠
An exclusive right or privilege held by a person or group, especially a hereditary or official right.
特权个人或群体拥有的独有的权利或特权，尤指世袭或正式的权力
An experience that tests one's endurance, patience, or faith.
考验，磨难考验某人的承受力，耐心或信念的过程
An expiration, especially of a contract or an agreement.
满期终止，特别是合同或协议的终止
An expression of farewell.
再见告别的表示
An extended telescope.
拉长了的望远镜
An extramarital affair.
一件私通的事
An eye-catching dress.
一条显眼的裙子
An hourglass design; an hourglass figure.
沙漏状的图案；沙漏形的图形
An identification record for a tape or disk file.
磁带或磁盘文件的标识说明记录。
An ill marriage is a spring of ill fortune.
不良的婚姻是恶运的来源。
An image of a female supernatural being; an idol.
女性偶象一超自然的女性偶象；偶象
An immovable mass of floating logs crowded together.
木材堵塞一堆挤在一起的、无法移动的飘浮的原木
An important personage.
显要一个重要的人
An impulsive change of mind.
反复无常一时冲动而改变主意
An inclination or a habit.
思想倾向一个倾向或习惯
An increase in salary.
加薪薪水的增加
An independent country that is very small in area and population.
超小国家一个面积狭小，人口极少的独立国家
An indistinct pattern; indistinct shapes in the gloom.
轮廓不明的图案；黑暗中模糊的形状
An inert substance used to dilute.
稀释剂一种惰性物质
An infectious laugh.
有感染力的微笑
An informal performance by folk singers, typically with participation by the audience.
民歌歌会民歌手的非正式表演，其特点是有观众的参与
An inherent similarity between persons or things.
相似人或事物之间遗传上的相似之处
An innate, acquired, or induced inability to develop a normal immune response.
免疫缺陷先天的、后天的或诱发的正常免疫反应能力的缺失
An insect stung me.
虫子叮了我。
An instance of misfortune; a mishap.
不幸事故不幸的事件；灾难
An instruction sequence in programmed instruction.
指令程序编排指令中的指令次序
An instrument for measuring or testing.
测量仪器测量或检验用的仪器
An instrument that converts sound waves into an electric current, usually fed into an amplifier, a recorder, or a broadcast transmitter.
扩音器，麦克风，话筒将声波转变成电流的工具，通常接至扩音器，录音机或广播发射机上
An instrument used to measure the rotation of the plane of polarization of polarized light passing through an optical structure or sample.
偏振计；旋光计用来测量经过光学结构或样品的极化光的偏振平面旋转的一种仪器
An intellectual Olympian.
一个超然卓立的智者
An interface unit or circuitry that converts data to and from the representation used by a particular peripheral device or class of peripheral devices; for example, a device that converts between bit serial and bit parallel and resolves differences in transmission speeds.
一种接口部件或电路，用来把数据转换成某种特殊的外围设备上的表示或某类外围设备上的表示或把此种表示转换成数据。例如，一台在串行位和并行位之间作转换且解决传输速度差别的设备。
An intricate structure of interconnecting passages through which it is difficult to find one's way; a maze.
迷宫一种复杂的建筑，里面的通道互相连接很容易使人迷路；曲径
An investor who makes decisions that contradict prevailing wisdom, as in buying securities that are unpopular at the time.
反向投资者做出与大众的智识相反决定的投资者，如购买当时不被看好的证券
An iron shaft with claws at one end, usually thrown by a rope and used for grasping and holding, especially one for drawing and holding an enemy ship alongside.
抓钩，多爪锚一端有爪的铁矛，通常用绳子抛出并用来抓持和固定，尤指用于沿着边拖拽和固定敌船的那种
An island of the Netherlands Antilles in the Caribbean Sea off the northern coast of Venezuela. Tourism is important to its economy.
博内尔岛荷属安的列斯群岛中的一个岛屿，在加勒地海上，离委内瑞拉北部海滨不远。旅游业对该岛的经济举足轻重
An item that catalogs for200 dollars.
目录中列为要两百美元的一件商品
An object of the affections.
宠爱的对象包含爱意的东西
An objective critic.
客观的评论家
An obstacle composed of barbed wire or spikes attached to a wooden frame, used to block enemy advancement.
铁蒺藜由钉在林桩上的有刺铁丝或尖钉构成的用来阻挡敌人的前进障碍物
An odd shoe.
一只不成对的鞋
An officer must know how to handle his men.
当军官的应懂得怎样统率士兵
An official or authoritarian declaration; a proclamation or an edict.
宣言，公告官方或权威性的宣布；公告或法令
An offside motion or play.
越位越位的动作或移动
An old Air Force war horse is getting a new assignment.
一架空军旧式飞机奉命执行一项新的任务。
An old man.
老年男人
An old, rickety vehicle, especially a decrepit automobile or aircraft.
破旧汽车，破旧飞机一种用久而破烂的交通工具，尤指破坏了的汽车或飞机
An open excavation or pit from which stone is obtained by digging, cutting, or blasting.
采石场通过挖掘、切割或爆破岩石来获取石料的露天坑道或洞
An open-air stadium with an oval course for horse and chariot races in ancient Greece and Rome.
竞技场古希腊、罗马的郁圆形露天运动场有进行赛马和马车比赛的椭圆形跑道
An operable cancer.
可以用手术治疗的癌症
An opportunity for selling or being sold; demand.
销路卖的或被出售的机会；需要
An order blank and addressed envelope are enclosed, for your convenience.
现随信寄去订货单和印有我公司地址的信封，供您方参考备用。
An organ stop, commonly of the16-foot pipes.
风琴音栓，常见于16英尺管
An organism that lives in, on, or near the water.
生活在水中，水上或水边的有机物
An oriental ruby.
上等的红宝石
An ornamental looped braid or cord with a button or knot for fastening the front of a garment.
（纺锭物）饰扣一种用来系住衣服前襟的装饰性扣环或扣结
An outer layer or coating applied to a surface for protection or decoration.
饰面，保护面装在外面的外层或薄层，为了保护或装饰
An overcast stitch or seam.
包边缝纫的针脚或线缝
An ugly scene developed in the crowd when a group of boys started fighting.
当一群男孩殴打起来时，人群中出现一幅可憎的景象。
An unbred mare.
未交配过的母马
An undeclared war.
未正式宣布的战争
An undue loan.
未到期的贷款
An unforgettable experience.
一个不会被遗忘的经验
An unincorporated community of eastern Washington, a residential suburb of Spokane. Population, 22,326.
机会团体位于华盛顿东部一个独立的社团，斯波肯的一个住宅区，人口22，326
An unknown artist.
一位默默无闻的艺术家
An unpleasant sensation occurring in varying degrees of severity as a consequence of injury, disease, or emotional disorder.
疼痛作为伤害、疾病或感情的混乱的结果以各种不同严重程度出现的令人不快的情感
An unsettled issue.
一个未被解决的问题
An untoward incident.
一起麻烦的事件
An upper or ruling class.
上层阶级，统治阶级
An upward leap made by a trained horse without going forward and with the hind legs kicked out.
原地腾跃一匹受驯马的向上跳跃但不向前走动，同时后腿踢出
Ancient Greek is the preserve of scholars.
古希腊文是学者的独占领域
And I think the Canadian's going to come second.
我想那个加拿大人会得第二名。
And as evidence of that, people do not go to the cinema to see good film any more.
这是根据这点得出的：妇女有孩子时必须停止工作。
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us.
宽恕我们对你的冒犯行为吧，如同我们宽恕别人对我们的冒犯。
And if you have a situation like that, everyone always says"Can you lend a hand?" or"Can you give a hand?" or"We need helping hands."
如果你遇到这样的场合，人们会说“Canyoulendahand？”或者“Canyougiveahand？”或者“Weneedhelpinghands。”
And light is thy fame:
你的行为如此轻浮：
And of course it is your experience in Indonesia that inspired your film eastern moon.
当然喽，正是由于你在印度尼西亚的体验使你萌发灵感写了电影《东方的月亮》。
And so we need military strength, we need economic strength, we also need the right diplomatic policies.
我们需要军事力量，我们需要经济力量，我们还需要正确的外交政策。
And that's John's mum, of course. I'd almost forgotten her. She's been a good friend to us, if you like.
那当然是约翰的妈妈。我差点把她给忘了。她一直是咱们的好朋友，对吧？
And the same to you! How dare you call me that!
你也一样！你怎么敢那样叫我！
And then there came a blinding flash… and hard upon the heels of it, a great tow-row of thunder.
一道耀眼的闪光，把人们的眼睛都照花了……紧接着轰隆隆传来一声巨雷。
And through the window of the spaceship they saw the Moon before them, cold, white and beautiful; and under the Moon, there was the Moon colony!
透过飞船的玻璃窗，他们看到了眼前的月球：冰冷，洁白，美丽；而在月亮下面，他们看到了月亮部族！
And what's that building outside the window?
窗外那一栋楼房是什么呢？
And you can take the smile off your faces or I'll take them off for you!
最好你们自己放严肃点，否则我就要使你们马上笑不起来！
And, splash! He found himself head over ears in deep water.
接着扑通一声，他发觉自己一个倒栽葱地掉进了深水里。
Anger blazed out of her eyes.
她眼里冒出怒火。
Anguished victims of the earthquake; anguished screams for help.
地震极度痛苦的受害者；痛苦的呼救声
Ann asked her aunt to do up her skirts and blouses.
安请她姑姑给她洗熨裙子和上衣。
Ann: Look, Harry! That policeman's waving to you. He wants you to stop.
安：看，哈里！那个警察正在对你招手。他要你停下来。
Annual rent:￡8, 500, premium:￡25, 000.
年租金８５００英镑，转租费２５０００英镑。
Another half hour pass.
又是半小时过去了。
Another storm system is barreling in and should reach eastern areas by tomorrow.
又一场暴雨正在袭来，预计明天将到达东部各地区。
Antarctica is the earth's coldest landmass.
南极洲是地球上最冷的大陆。
Anxiety brooded above the town.
焦虑的气氛笼罩着全镇。
Any chance?
可以吗？
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it.
任何一个傻瓜都会画画，但有个聪明人才能把它卖掉。
Any instruction in a computer program, in a routine, or in a subroutine after the execution of which control is no longer exercised by that computer program, that routine, or that subroutine.
计算机程序、例程、或子例程内的具有如下功能的任何指令，执行这条指令后控制权将不再由该计算机程序、例程、或子例程行使了。
Any of a breed of gray or black draft horse originally used in France for drawing artillery and heavy coaches but now bred in other countries for general purposes.
柏雪龙马一种产自法国的灰色或黑色的马，用来拉火炮和四轮大马车，现在其它国家大量养做它用
Any of a group of colors reddish in hue, of medium to high lightness, and of low to moderate saturation.
粉红色色彩中略带红色的颜色中的一组，亮度中到高等，彩度饱和度从低到中等
Any of numerous plant diseases resulting in sudden conspicuous wilting and dying of affected parts, especially young, growing tissues.
枯萎病一种植物疾病，能导致染病部分，尤指未成熟、成长中组织的突然明显枯萎和坏死
Any of several highly volatile, flammable liquid mixtures of hydrocarbons distilled from petroleum, coal tar, and natural gas and used as fuel, as solvents, and in making various chemicals.
石脑油一种高度挥发性的易燃液态碳氢化合物混合物，从石油、煤焦油和天然气中提炼出来，并用作石油、溶剂和制造各种化合物中
Any of several related white or red grapes chiefly grown in California and France and used for making wine.
比诺葡萄主要生长在美国加利福尼亚州及法国的一种白色或红色葡萄，用来酿酒
Any of several types of smooth, hard cheese varying in flavor from mild to extra sharp.
切德奶酪几种平滑、质硬的有从温和至极刺激的不同口味的干酪
Any of the languages of the aboriginal peoples of Australia.
澳洲土著语任何澳洲土著民族的语言
Any of the speech sounds represented by the letter i.
字母I的读音由字母i所表示的读音
Any of various alloys of mercury with other metals, as with tin or silver.
汞齐，汞合金各种汞和其它金属，如锡或银的合金
Any of various diseases characterized by abnormally high body temperature.
热病以不正常的高体温为特征的各种疾病中的一种
Any of various hydrocarbon pesticides, such as DDT, that contain chlorine.
有机氯一种含氯的碳氢化合物杀虫农药，如滴滴涕杀虫剂
Any of various poisonous fish related to the puffers that are used as food, especially in Japan, after the poisonous skin and organs have been removed.
河豚任何一种与做食物用的河豚有关的有毒鱼类。尤指日本河豚鱼。此类鱼除去有毒皮肤与内脏后可以食用
Any of various slender, narrow-winged hawks of the genus Circus, such as the marsh hawk, that prey on small animals.
各种瘦长窄翅膀的、以捕食小动物为生的鹞属鹰类中的任何一种，例如丛林鹰
Any of various typically tough, flexible, shiny plastics, often used for coverings and clothing.
聚乙烯基薄膜通常强度大、伸缩性强且发亮的一种塑料，用于表面盖层和包装层
Any orders you place with us will be processed promptly.
贵方与我方的所有订购都将迅速办理。
Any singer needs to have an ear for music.
任何歌唱家都要对音乐十分敏感。
Any two places or regions that are on diametrically opposite sides of the earth.
对跖地，对踵点地球上处于正相对位置和两个地点或地区
Anybody who did anything in America up to1900 was liable to be made into a film... on the grounds of being a pioneer.
举凡在1900年以前在美国做过某些事的人，都很容易被拍成电影……以他是先驱人士为其理由。
Anyone else would refuse the additional work, but it's all grist to her mill, because she wants to get ahead in her job.
其他任何人都不会接受这种分外工作，但这对她有好处，因为她希望自己的工作进展得快一些。
Anyone who violates law and discipline must firmly be slapped down.
对于任何违法乱纪的人都必须坚决予以打击。
Anything is ok.
什么都可以。
Anyway, you and I cannot crystal-ball it from here.
不管怎么说，你我都无法预测此事。
Apparel make the man.
人靠衣装，佛靠金装。
Appearances are very often deceptive.
外表往往是靠不住的。
Apples stewed to a pulp, sweetened, and sometimes spiced.
苹果酱，苹果泥炖成果浆后加糖，有时加香料的苹果制品
Applications poured in from all quarters.
申请书从四面八方涌来。
Apprentice
学徒工
Aquatic animals that live in the substrate of a body of water, especially in a soft sea bottom.
底内动物生活在水体底部的水生动物，尤指栖于松软海底的水生动物
Are artists who work in advertising selling themselves?
艺术家做广告是不是作践自己？
Are the toys safe for small children?
小孩儿玩儿这样的玩具有危险吗？
Are they alike at all?
他们有点相像吗？
Are we to meet again tonight?
我们今晚还要碰头吗？
Are you acting a part, or are you really ignorant of the rumor?
你是装糊涂还是真的不知道那个谣言呢？
Are you brother and sister?
你们是兄妹吗？
Are you feeling better now?
现在感觉好点了吗？
Are you going to America by boat or by plane?
你到美国是坐船还是坐飞机？
Are you happier today?
您今天高兴点了吗？
Are you keen on pizza?
你喜欢比萨饼吗？
Are you please pass the salt?
现在可以给您上甜食吗？
Are you ready for your breakfast?
你准备好吃早饭了吗？
Are you studying here?
你在这儿学习吗？
Are you sure you want me back?
你真的希望我回来吗？
Are you waiting for anybody?
你在等什麽人吗？
Areas of a country situated away from the capital or population center.
外省一个国家中远离首都或人口密集地区的区域
Argentina is a big exporter of beef products.
阿根廷是牛肉制品的一大出口国。
Armed with the new machine, a search party went into the cave hoping to find buried treasure.
带着这台新机器，一个探索队开进了山洞，希望能找到埋藏的金银财宝。
Around one in the morning the sirens went off.
约摸在清晨一时光景，警报拉响了。
Arrangement of artistic parts so as to form a unified whole.
布局对艺术品的加以布置以形成一个整体
Arrogant or proud; conceited.
骄傲的傲慢的或骄傲的；自负的
Artful contrivance; cunning.
阴谋狡猾的计谋；诡计
Articulate your words so that we can understand what you are saying.
说话要清楚，这样我们才能听明白你的话。
As I am the only son in the family, my parents have paid great attention to my education.
由于我是家中唯一的一个男孩，父母对我的教育非常重视。
As I see it, meeting people are very important in modern life.
在我看来，同人们接触在现代生活中是很重要的。
As I've been lying wide awake for a couple of hours, I know I've come in for it again tonight.
毫无睡意地躺了一两个小时之后，我知道今晚又要失眠了。
As a consequence of smoking, my father coughs frequently.
因为吸烟的缘故，我父亲经常咳嗽。
As a matter of fact, every instrument is subject to strict inspection before shipment.
事实上，每套器械在装运之前都是经过严格检验的。
As a professional painter, she scorn the effort of amateur.
她是专业画家，看不起业余画家的创作。
As a result the office force has been considerably shaken up.
结果对办事人员进行了相当大的改组。
As a student, he took an evening job to keep the wolf from the door.
他是一个学生，为了生活，他晚上出去打工。
As an actress, she is perfection itself.
作为一名女演员，她是完美的典型。
As can be seen, Shanghai has being changed greatly in recent years.
可以看出，上海近年来发生了巨大的变化。
As everybody can see, what the rumour mongers say is merely patched up stories.
众所周知，那些专事造谣的人说的无非是一些虚构的谎言罢了。
As far as I'm concerned, that's not enough vacation. We should get at least three weeks.
就我而言，两周假期还不够。我们至少应该有三周假期。
As for his moral character, he is also praiseworthy.
至于他的品德，也是值得称赞的。
As geologist, we work in the field most of the time.
作为地质学家，我们大部分时间在野外工作。
As he picked himself up from the floor, he saw a couple of boys laughing their heads off.
当他从地板上爬起来时，他看到几个孩子在对着他大笑。
As her private secretary he have access to all her correspondence.
他是她的私人秘书，能接触到她所有的信件。
As it came raining again, they struck for home.
天又下起雨来，他们匆匆赶回家去。
As long as you've paid in advance we won't charge you for delivery.
只要你预先付款，我们就不收你送货费。
As often as not he forgets his homework.
他往往忘了做家庭作业。
As reference we wish to give the following who have kindly agreed to give any information you may desire.
我方接受委托推荐下列人员，他们愿意提供你方所需的任何情况。
As she bent forward, her fine black hair fell over her cheek.
她身子前倾时，她那纤细的黑发飘逸到她的脸蛋上。
As song and dance dramas go, this one is no great shakes.
就歌舞剧而言，这一出戏并无突出之处。
As soon as an idea is accepted it is time to reject it.
新思想一被接受，就是要把它抛弃的时候了。
As soon as he touched the hot cake, he yanked his hand away with a cry of pain.
他的手一摸着滚烫的饼，就疼得大叫了一声，马上把手抽了回来。
As soon as the animals were in their cages, we were safe.
动物一进了笼子，我们就安全了。
As soon as the sediment starts creeping up the shoulder of the bottle, stop pouring. You should now have a glass of star-bright beer with a head(of foam) that stands proud of the glass but does not overflow.
啤酒瓶底的沉淀物一到瓶颈部位，就不要往外倒啤酒了。此时你的一杯啤酒会金灿灿地发亮，酒泡鼓出酒杯口，而又不会溢出杯外。
As soon as they saw the police, they dashed off.
他们一看见警察，便赶紧溜之大吉。
As soon as you get to the assembly point send up a red flare.
你们一到达集合地点马上发射一颗红色的信号弹。
As the boat came near to shore, we saw who was in it.
当船驶近岸时，我们看到了船上的人是谁。
As the day approached, he felt himself growing restless and uneasy.
日子越来越近，他觉得自己忐忑不安起来。
As the hillside was covered with snow, we had to walk up carefully.
山坡积雪，我们不得不小心翼翼地向上走。
As the new academic year is rapidly approaching, I am most eager to hear from you concerning this problem.
新的一学年正飞快来到，我急切地盼望得到您对此事的回答。
As the selling season is at hand, lots of fresh orders will pour in.
由于销售旺季即将来临，大量新订单会源源不断地涌来。
As the train was going faster and faster, she verged into the waving crowds.
随着告别的列车越走越快，她渐渐地消失在挥舞的人群之中。
As they entered the last lap, Thomas was still running second.
当他们跑最后一圈时，托马斯仍位居第二。
As time went by and the old man became mellow, the fury went out of his parliamentary speeches.
随着时间的推移，这位长者愈来愈有涵养，他在议会发言中已不再有往日的激愤了。
As usual, Tommy forgot to make his bed before he went out to play.
如往常一样，汤米又忘记在出去玩之前把床整理好。
As we expect to receive three large sum within the next few day, we will send you some money by monday at the latest.
数日之内我们将有三笔大额进款，所以我们最迟于下星期一以前定给贵方汇款。
As we turned the corner the village green came into view.
当我们拐过弯后，村中心的公共草地就出现在我们的眼前。
As world travel increases, nation have to learn from each other.
由于世界旅游业的增加，国家间必须互相学习。
As you know, there is keen competition in this project.
如你所知，这个项目的竞争十分激烈。
As you travel westward, does the land get higher or lower?
当你向西旅行时，地势是否变得越来越高还是越来越低？
Aside from being fun and good exercise, swimming is a very useful skill.
除了有趣与运动外，游泳还是个很有用的技能。
Ask how to do it.
问怎么做法。
Ask your teacher how to spell this word.
问问你的老师怎么拼写这个词。
Asking about age
询问年龄　
Asking somebody's name
询问某人的姓名
Assets and property considered in terms of monetary value; wealth.
财产，财富被认为有金钱价值的财产或财富；财富
Associated with or relating to great pain, especially the agony of death.
痛苦的关于或与巨大痛苦有关的，尤指死亡的痛苦
Astonishment, awe, or surprise.
惊讶惊讶、敬畏或惊奇
At a period or moment in the past.
曾经在过去的某一时刻或某段时期
At another time; later.
另一次；以后
At breakneck speed or with uncontrolled force.
飞快地以极快的速度或无法控制的力量地
At first I wasn't used to being criticized and would find excuses for my mistakes.
开始，受批评我很不习惯，总找理由给自己的错误辩护。
At first it was great thrill. but the thrill soon wore off.
开始它是很哄动的，但这种情绪慢慢也就过去了。
At first the situation seemed to be hopeless, but then everything turned in the defendant's favor.
开始时，情况仿佛毫无希望，可是不久，一切都变得对被告有利了。
At heart she still preferred her former way of life.
实际上，他仍然喜欢从前的生活方式。
At last I am quit of her.
我终於摆脱了她。
At last he touched down on the mainland.
最后他在大陆上着陆了。
At last the frightened witness opened up and told the truth.
这名吓坏了的目击者终于直言不讳说出了事实
At last they came to a mountain village and sat down.
最后，他们来到一个山村，在那儿安了家。
At last, he found out what was about East.
他终于找到了正确的方向。
At length the bus arrived, half an hour late.
公共汽车终于到达了，晚了半个小时。
At no point in his life should a revolutionary lie back and take life easy.
一个革命者在一生中的任何时刻，都不应该停止战斗去过安逸的生活。
At one point, it seemed certain that their plane would crash.
在某地，好象他们的飞机肯定要被撞得粉碎似的。
At present a great deal of research is being carried out to find a cure for AIDS.
目前，为了寻找治疗爱滋病的办法，人们正进行大量的研究工作。
At station price
火车站交货价
At that point, the road opens out and becomes a dual carriageway.
公路在那个地方变宽了，变成了双车道。
At the Health Farm they guarantee to take off at least5 kilos in one course of treatment.
在康乐园他们保证用一个疗程至少减五公斤的体重。
At the beginning he would always hand out an outline of the lecture.
在演讲开始时，他总是先分发一份提纲。
At the end of his talk the visitor spent ten minutes replying to questions put to him by the audience.
来访者讲话结束时，用10分钟的时间回答了听众提出的问题。
At the end of the six-hour flight, I couldn't get my feet into my shoes as they had swollen so much.
6个小时飞下来，我的双脚肿得非常厉害，连鞋也穿不上了。
At the height of her career.
在她事业的最高峰
At the market; at our destination.
在市场；在我们的目的地
At the moment they preferred not to talk about this question.
在这个时刻，他们宁愿不谈这个问题。
At the party, we all drank a health to our teacher.
宴会上我们都为老师的健康干杯。
At the same time; at once.
在同一时刻；立刻
At the stock market your broker will inquire of other broker if they know of anyone who would like to sell the stock that you want to purchase.
你的经纪人将在股票交易所向别的经纪人打听他们是否知道有人要抛出你想买进的股票。
At this age, you should be able to subtract one fraction from another.
在你这个年龄，你应该会演算分数减法了。
At this stage, I will take anything.
到了这一步，我会来者不拒。
At times he does his school work very well; at other times he does it very poorly.
有时他的功课做得很好，人时则做得非常糟糕。
At what time shall we arrive at sapporo if we take this plane.
如果我们坐这架飞机，我们将在几点到达札幌。
At13:30 in the afternoon the next day but one.
开车后第三天下午13点30分到。
Attached please find a copy of the letter I wrote to Mr Thompson.
随信附上本人致汤普林先生原函抄件一份，请查收。
Attendance have increase since we reduce the price of ticket.
我们降低了票价，到场的人就多起来了。
Attractive gardens fronted the houses.
这些房子的前面都有漂亮的花园
Aunt Joan was a fairy godmother to our family when mother was ill; she came and cleaned the house and did all the cooking.
琼阿姨在我母亲生病时是我们家的女恩人，她来打扫房子，并担负起所有的炊事。
Australia is so kind that, just tickles her with a hoe, and she laughs with a harvest.
澳洲是这么可亲，只要用锄头逗她发痒，她就会带着收获笑逐颜开了。
Authorization granted to someone to sell or distribute a company's goods or services in a certain area.
特许经营权特许给个人在特定的领土内销售商品或提供服务的权利
Autumn crops promised to be equally good.
秋季作物看来收成也会同样很好。
Avoid any man who deals in micrograms, for he's up to no good.
别理睬那种斤斤计较的人，这种人没安好心。
Away from the correct path or direction.
离开正道偏离正确的道路或方向
Babysitting wore me out.
看顾小孩使我觉得很疲累。
Bad books do more harm than bad companions.
坏书比坏朋友害处更大。
Bad reviews can be the kiss of death to a new West End play.
对伦敦西区剧院上演的一部新戏剧来说，糟糕的评论简直是帮倒忙。
Bah! There is no Santa Claus.
哼，那里有什么圣诞老人！
Balloons have no engine to drive them against the wind.
气球是没有发动机来驱使它们逆风前进。
Bang! went the gun.
轰隆一声，枪响了。
Banked earth along the wall.
沿墙边把土堆起来
Barbara welcome me with a smile.
芭芭拉以微笑欢迎我。
Barry is the new news hawk at the local newspaper.
巴利是这家地方报纸最新聘任的新闻记者。
Based on or concerned with events in history.
历史事件的基于或与历史事件有关的
Batsman peppering the field with shots
击球手把球连续不断地击向场地
Be a good sport. Play according to the rules of the game.
做一名风格高的运动员。要遵守比赛规则。
Be an angel, Mary, and run downstairs and get the scissors.
帮个忙，玛丽，下楼去拿把剪子来。
Be booted out as chief
从头头的地位被赶下来
Be careful in that shop—they have a habit of short changing you.
小心那家商店——他们总是会少给你找头。
Be careful of your health.
注意你的健康；请多保重。
Be careful with those delicate plates.
使用那些细巧的盘子要小心。
Be careful, you have pass a policeman.
注意，你已经超过了警察。
Be concerned in sth.
和某事有牵连
Be fish on the menu today?
今天菜单上有鱼吗？
Be he an engineer?
他是工程师吗？
Be honest, you'll make a fortune out of the investment.
说实话，你会从此投资中发一笔财的。
Be it all right with you?
这对你方便吗？
Be it ok?
这对吗？
Be kind to old people.
封老年人要亲切。
Be my English clear enough for you?
我的英语讲得清楚吗？
Be off with the old, on with the new.
扔掉旧的，装上新的。
Be pleasant to each other just this once.
彼此要和睦些－－就只为这一次吧。
Be quiet, please.
肃静，安静。
Be she go to accept it?
她打算要它吗？
Be suer to put a stop to these things.
一定要制止这种事情。
Be sure to punctuate your sentences with the correct marks in the right places.
一定要在你文章句子中的正确地方标上正确的标点符号。
Be that enough off the top?
头项的头发剪得差不多了吗？
Be the green grass above me
由草儿青青长在头上
Be the zoo the next stop?
下一站是不是动物园？
Be there an apple in the box?
箱子里有苹果吗？
Be there any other way of get to guangzhou from hong kong?
从香港到广州还有别的交通途径吗？
Be there no escape from the ubiquitous cigarette smoke in restaurant
餐厅里吸烟的烟雾就没有地方躲得过去吗
Be they reporter?
他们是记者吗？
Be this pen yours or mine?
这支笔是你的还是我的？
Be this the sleeping car?
这是卧铺车厢吗？
Be ware of danger!
当心危险！
Be you accusing me of cheat?
你是在指责我作弊吗？
Be you feeling well?
你感觉好吗？
Be you here on business?
您是执行商务吗？
Be you plan to translate the novel?
你计划翻译这部小说吗？
Be you sure you do not mind?
你真的不介意吗？
Be your wife ill?
是你太太病了吗？
Bearing male and female flowers.
具两性花的有雄性和雌性花的
Beat the mixture to the consistency of soft butter.
将混合物搅拌得硬度与软牛油相当
Beauty is but skin-deep.
美色只是皮相。
Because Wendy has so many men friends, she has gained the reputation of being a scarlet woman.
由于文迪有很多男朋友，因此她得到了一个淫妇的名声。
Because of a family feud, the two brothers haven't spoken to each other for ten years.
因为长期家庭不和，这兄弟俩已经１０年互不理睬了。
Because of my heavy cold, I wonder if I can postpone my appointment till some other time.
由于我得了重感冒，不知是否可以把我的约会时间缓延几天。
Because of the severe snowstorm, we had to stay over in a hotel that night.
由于大暴风雪，我们那天晚上只好在一家旅店里过夜。
Because the criticism came men of standing in the community, the council acted quickly.
因为这个批评是该团休一位声望极高的人提出来的，所以理事会很快就采取了行动。
Becoming swollen; swelling.
变得肿胀的，肿胀的
Beethoven's symphony is unique in music.
贝多芬的交响曲在音乐中是独一无二的。
Before I pass sentence on you, have you anything to say for yourself?
在我对你宣判之前，你还有什么要说的吗？
Before fixing our price, we have to know what your service charges will be.
在我们定价之前，我们必须清楚你们将收取多少服务费用。
Before it get dark the camper put up their tent in a field.
天黑前，野营者在地里搭起了帐篷。
Before mixing with the products of combustion, the air is preheated.
空气在与燃烧生成物混合之前要进行预热。
Before the committee started its work, the minutes of the last meeting were read out.
委员会开始讨论之前，先宣读了上次的会议记录。
Before they repair the car, nail them down to a price.
在他们动手修理汽车前，要叫他们明确说出价钱。
Before we make detailed plan, we need some more fact and figures.
我们还需要更多的精确资料才能制定出详细计画。
Beg pardon?
你说什么？
Beginning with the Nanchang Uprising, the Party led a series of armed struggles.
从南昌起义开始，我们党领导了一系列的武装斗争。
Behavior that really threw me.
他的行为把我弄懵了
Being a husband is a whole- time job. That is why so many husbands fail. They cannot give their entire attention to it.
当一名丈夫，是一则“24小时服务”的工作。惟其如是，才有这么多丈夫们不及格。因为他们不能贯注其全神于斯。
Being an original from which copies are made.
原版的作为副本从其制作的原版的
Being elected a chairman of the club he turned his head.
当他被选为俱乐部主席时，他得意忘形了。
Being in a middle position.
居于中间位置的
Being in robust and sturdy good health.
强壮的，健康的强壮的和身体健康的
Being one of these additional syllables.
多余音节的是这些多余音节中的一个状态的
Being something that should have occurred earlier.
早该有的应该更早一些发生的
Being without boundaries or limits; infinite.
无限制的没有限制或界线的；无限的
Belief that a particular cause or movement is destined to triumph or save the world.
空想坚信某一事业或运动必将胜利或拯救世界的信念
Believing in or based on the doctrine of predestination.
信仰宿命论的，依据宿命论的相信宿命论教义的或以宿命论教义为基础的
Belonging to or befitting a man.
属于或适合于男人的
Ben told Toby that he could run faster than the school champion, and Toby told Ben to put up or shut up.
本对托比说他能跑得比学校的冠军还要快；托比要他跑着看一看，否则就别吹牛。
Bernard has fallen on evil days since he lost his job and his wife left him.
自从伯纳德失去了工作又被妻子抛弃以来，他一直很倒霉。
Besides, it's make of pure wool, very soft.
另外，这是纯羊毛的，手感柔和。
Best wishes to you and yours. I hope they are all well.
向你和你全家致意。我希望他们都好。
Better dead, I say, than suffering like that.
依我看，你那样受罪倒不如死了的好。
Better poor with honor than rich with shame.
富得无节气，不如穷得有骨气。
Betty Morgan got a fur coat from her sugar daddy.
贝蒂摩根小姐从她的老相好那儿得到了一件毛皮大衣。
Between two evils it's not worth choosing.
两者都坏，不值一挑。（谚）
Beware of mistakes.
注意错误。
Beyond the coral reef the open sea is dark blue.
珊瑚礁之外的大海是一片深蓝色。
Bidder shall have the right to refuse to grant such an extension of validity of bid without forfeit their bid bond.
投标人有权拒绝延长投标有效期限并不会因此而失掉其投标保证金。
Bill Clinton was the democratic party's candidate for president.
比尔·克林顿是民主党的总统候选人。
Bill did his home work in earnest.
比尔认真地做功课。
Bill is coming to my party and with any luck he'll bring his pretty sister with him.
比尔要来参加我的聚会，希望他带着他那漂亮的妹妹一起来。
Bill often goes off halfcocked.
比尔经常是未经准备而行事。
Bill took up art while at school.
比尔在上学期间学习美术。
Bill's father threatened to take a stick to him if he ever lied to him again.
比尔的父亲威胁说如果比尔下次再向他说谎，就用棍子打他。
Billy will bring sandwiches, Alice will bring potato chips, and last but not the hast Phil will bring the lemonade.
比利将带三明治来，艾利斯将带土豆片来，菲尔带的是柠檬汽水，那也不错嘛。
Birds mate in spring.
鸟在春天交配。
Bits of smoke began to feather out from the top of the hill.
一缕一缕的烟开始从山顶飘散开来。
Black person who associates with and is eager to please white people
汤姆大伯（与白人交往并竭力讨白人欢心的黑人）
Blended together into one unit or mass; intermingled.
混合的被混合在一起以形成一个单位或一团的；掺和的
Blindness is a great handicap.
失明是极大的障碍。
Blood was trickling out of a cut near his ear.
血从他耳边的伤口往外滴。
Blunder out a secret
漏嘴说出了秘密
Bob and Peter soon fell at odds.
鲍勃和彼得很快就吵起来。
Bob is no longer the same young man as he was ten years ago.
鲍勃不再像他10年前那样是个年青人了。
Bob redeemed his character by hard work and honesty.
鲍勃以勤奋工作和忠诚老实来弥补自己的不足。
Bob was kind of tired when he finished the job.
鲍勃完成这项工作后有点累了。
Bob, you should learn from you brother. He's found a part-time job already.
鲍勃，你应该向你哥哥学一学。他已经找到一份兼职工作。
Boil the liquid down
把液体煮得蒸发掉一些
Bone-meal and nitrates are common fertilizers.
骨粉和硝酸盐是普通的肥料。
Borax must be reduced to powder for infants.
硼砂必须研成细粉才能供婴儿使用。
Both are doctors.
两个人都是医生。
Both like to smoke.
两个人都喜欢吸烟。
Both of us all are not student.
我们俩都不是学生。
Both teams displayed first-rate technique and a fine spirit.
两个队都表现了高超的技艺和优良的作风。
Bother, my gloves are missing.
糟糕，我的手套丢了。
Boutique clothes; boutique food.
小店服装；小店食品
Boyish ambitions, hopes, enthusiasm
男孩子的志向、愿望、热情
Branches whipped against the windows.
树枝噼噼叭叭地敲打着窗户
Bread is cheap in this supermarket because they bake it themselves.
这家超市的面包是自制的，所以便宜。
Break out the rifles!
准备好来福枪！
Breakfast was done.
早餐结束了。
Brevity is the soul of wit.
简洁是机智的精髓。
Bright prospects were dangled before him.
光明的前景若隐若现地浮现在他眼前。
Bring in a bill to improve road safety
提出改善道路安全的法案
Bring out a new book.
出版一本新书
Bringing death or disaster; fatal.
致命的带来死亡或灾难的；致命的
British astronomer, physicist, and mathematician noted for his work on the kinetic theory of gases and his investigations into the relationships between mathematical concepts and the natural world.
詹姆斯，詹姆斯·霍普伍德1877－1946英国天文学家、物理学家和数学家。以气体动力学的研究和探索数学同自然界之间的关系著称
British mathematician, astronomer, and physicist who was an early exponent of the theory of relativity and conducted research on the evolution, structure, and motion of stars.
爱丁顿，阿瑟·斯坦利1882－1944英国数学家、天文学家和物理学家，相对论的早期拥护者，在星体演化、结构和运动方面有很深研究
British writer best known for his popular historical novels, especially The Last Days of Pompeii(1834), and for his seemingly endless convoluted sentences.
布尔沃·利顿，爱德华·乔治·厄尔·利顿1803－1873英国作家，以其颇受欢迎的历史小说而闻名，尤其是庞贝城的最后一日（1834年），以及他那看起来永无止境的错综复杂的句子
Broke the set of books by giving some away.
把一套书拆散，取其中数本送人
Brown the meat in hot fat.
把肉放在热油中炸至棕色。
Brushing the enemy aside, we swept into the next town.
我们扫除了敌人，昂首阔步地攻入了下一座城市。
Buffer storage
缓冲存储器
Building or district full of narrow winding passages
有许多弯曲狭窄通道的建筑物或地方
Bullshit!
胡说！　　
Buried her face in the pillow; buried the secret deep within himself.
她把脸埋在枕头里；把秘密深藏在他自己心里
Burst out laughing; burst into tears.
突然大笑起来；突然哭起来
Bush had a natural bent for mathematics and was a theoretical rather than an experimental scientist by aptitude.
布什具有数学天才。就能力而言，他是理论科学家而不是实践科学家。
Business fliers who travel100,000 miles or more per year.
每年坐飞机旅行100，000英里或更远距离的生意人
Business is slack.
生意清淡。
Busy soul has no time to be busybody.
大忙人是没工夫管闲事的。
But I have a few errand to run first.
不过我先得办几件事。
But I was enormously relieved upon examining"Tiny Two" to find he was absolutely, perfectly, wonderfully normal and healthy.
不过在检查完“蒂尼二号”之后我长出了一口气，这只小猫绝对的、相当的、非常的正常和健康。
But above all, if he has St. Paul's perfection, that he would wish to be anathema from Christ, for the salvation of his brethren, it shows much of a divine nature, and a kind of conformity with Christ himself.
最后，如果一个人竟能像《圣经》中的圣保罗那样，肯为了兄弟们的得救甚至甘于忍受神的诅咒；那么他就必定超越了凡人，而且有真正基督徒的品格了。
But can our host tell us something about the welfare of the worker?
现在，主人能否给我们谈谈贵厂工人的福利情况？
But for electricity, there will be no modern industry.
要是没有电，便没有现代化工业。
But for your help, I couldn't have succeeded.
如果不是你帮助，我就不会成功了。
But how about a man who preaches liberation and yet when his daughters are seeking marriage partners, can show himself the very caricature of the heavy Victorian father?
一个自吹是思想解放的人怎么能在他女儿寻找婚姻伴侣时，却显出一副维多利亚式的严父模样呢？
But in the case of disqualification or short- weight on arrival?
但如果货到后发现质量不合格或短货怎么办？
But it's so incredibly expensive here.
但是在这儿，贝类却贵得令人难以置信。
But neither psychiatric interviews nor objective tests were able to show any effects upon these American sailors.
但是无论是精神病学的走访或客观的试验，都不能显示噪音对这些美国水兵有任何影响。
But our shortcomings must also be noted.
但是我们的缺点也应该注意。
But she was worked to death.
她被迫拼命干活，累得要命。
But that you have seen me in the water, I will have drowned.
要不是你看见我掉在水里，我早就淹死了。
But the harsh words of the father in a drunken moment of excessive ancestral pride cause a dignified departure with the conciliatory donation of half her means of subsistence and the intimation that she is rejoining her husband.
但父亲在一次酒后的刺耳话语中说了一些有关家世过分骄矜的话，使苔丝傲然离开了家。她把自己一半的生活费留给父母，并告诉他们她要去找丈夫团聚。
But then, here lies the rub. The Halcyon frigate is expected here in these parts immediately; when she hears of you she will be at you…
可是问题就在这，预料赫尔逊号快速帆船不久即将到这一带来，那艘船一听到你们在这儿，就会向你们攻击……
But they are highly competitive when you take quality into consideration.
但当你考虑到质量时，你会发现它们是很具有竞争性的。
But two of the most famous writers of advice are women without special training for this kind of work.
但是最著名的咨询作者中有两位是没有经过这种工作的专门训练的女性。
But when Ben left, I found myself caught up in his problem and longed to help.
当本离开后，我发现自己对他的难题很感兴趣，并希望能帮助他。
But you mustn't talk much.
但你不要说多了。
Butter.
黄油
Buyer less interested after our previous sale.
上次卖给他们之后，买方就缺乏兴趣。
Buying offer
买方发价。
By a miscarriage of justice the wrong man was condemned.
由于法庭的错误判决，一个无辜的人被定了罪。
By all means, do take it.
当然可以，拿去吧。
By buying ten books every month, he soon accumulated a good library.
他每月买十本书，不久便集成一个丰富的藏书库。
By dint of much trying he finally achieved his object.
通过大量尝试，他终于达到了目的。
By her sweetness Ivy managed to survive the drawn-out brutality.
艾薇靠着自己随和的性情，总算在持续很久的残忍中生存了下来。
By midnight he had put back nearly two bottles of wine.
到半夜时分他已喝了近两瓶酒。
By not specifying today which of the21 plants would be closed, Mr.Stempel put the lives of thousands of workers in limbo.
由于斯坦普尔先生今天未指明在21个厂中关闭哪一个，使得数千工人的生活没有着落。
By perseverance the lame boy learned to swim.
靠毅力这跛童学会了游泳。
By sheer coincidence Mary is there too.
完全由于巧合，玛丽也在那儿。
By that time they should have fetched up in Qingdao.
到那时候他们应该已经抵达青岛了。
By the end of the race bob have lap jimmy.
比赛结束时鲍伯领先吉米一圈。
By the time he is ten, he has outgrown his older brother.
他十岁的时候就已经长得比他哥哥高了。
By the time you got there it will be dark.
等你到达那里时天将黑了。
By the way, must we guarantee in any way our participation in the tender?
顺便问一下，我们应为参加投标做一点保证吗？
By this post we send you a sample representing the bulk of your order now in hand.
现寄上贵方欲购的大部分商品的样品，请查收。
By what standard do you measure it?
你用什么标准来衡量它呢？
Bypassed standard office procedures.
忽视了办公室的工作规定
Cain said to his brother Abel, "Let us go into the open country."
该隐对弟弟亚伯说：“我们到野外去吧。”
Call a loan.
讨还借债
Call me immediately if anything urgent crops up there.
如果那边发生紧急情况，立即打电话给我。
Called me at nine.
九点钟打电话给我
Camels browse on trees as well as on ground cover.
骆驼既吃地被植物也吃树的枝叶。
Can I ask you if you if you will agree(that) classical music be more thoughtful.
请问您是否同意古典音乐更富不音乐更富不思想性。
Can I break my journey at Hawaii?
我可以在夏威夷中途停留吗？
Can I dial direct?
我可以直拨吗？
Can I get to oak street on this bus?
我乘这车可以到像树街吗？
Can I have an advance on my salary?
我可以予支薪水吗？
Can I have these shoes on tick until I get paid?
我可不可以先赊购这双鞋，等发了工资再付钱？
Can I leave my baggage here till noon?
行李能否暂存到中午？
Can I put my baggage here?
我能将手提行李放在这儿吗？
Can I see your boarding pass?
我可以看看您的登机牌吗？
Can I take your measurements?
我可以量一下您的尺寸吗？
Can Mary bed down with her sister?
玛丽可不可以跟她姐妹同睡一床？
Can he take the car out whenever he likes?
他随时都可以把车开出去吗？
Can not really see how I can give it to you.
真不懂我怎么能把它给你。
Can she speak Chinese?
她会不会说中国话？
Can this be very dangerous?
这会很危险吗？
Can we get on with the meeting now?
我们现在能接着开会了吗？
Can we predicate of a dog that it has a soul?
关於狗，我们能断定它有灵魂吗？
Can you afford￡35000 for a house?
你能花三万五千镑买幢房屋吗？
Can you believe it?
你相信吗？
Can you cash this postal order for me?
你能替我兑现这张邮政汇票吗？
Can you connect me with Los Angeles, please?
请给我接通洛杉矶的电话，好吗？
Can you develop this film for us?
你们能代我们冲洗这个胶卷吗？
Can you drive the car between those narrow walls?
你能在那两堵墙之间的狭窄通道上行驶吗？
Can you feature her in that hat?
你能想象出她戴着那顶帽子吗？
Can you finish your work ahead of time
你能提前完成工作吗？
Can you get past the open door without being seen?
你能不能穿过那扇开着的门而不被人看见呢？
Can you give me a price list with specification?
你能否给我一份有规格说明的价目单吗？
Can you give me the relevant papers?
你能给我有关的文件吗？
Can you hang on while I go for some water?
我去弄点水来，你等一下好吗？
Can you help me work this lid off?
你能帮我把这盖子拧下来吗？
Can you just take this?
你可以拿一下这个吗？
Can you let me take this much?
你能让我拿这么多吗？
Can you make us a special offer for the purpose of introducing your products to our market?
为介绍贵公司的产品进入我方市场，贵公司能否给予特别价格？
Can you oblige me with a dance?
可否请您赏光同我跳舞？
Can you please give me a lift? I'm afraid my car's in dock.
请让我搭一下车好吗？我的汽车在修理。
Can you put it in simpler English?
你能用更简单的英语说吗？
Can you read the signs?
这些符号你认识吗？
Can you recommend some good wine?
是否可建议一些不错的酒？
Can you see it now?
你现在看见了吗？
Can you show me some skirt?
您能拿条裙子让我看看吗？
Can you span an octave on the piano?
乍能按到钢琴的八个键吗？
Can you stand a coin up on its edge?
你能把一枚硬币竖立起来吗？
Can you take5 pounds off the price?
你能把价钱降低5镑吗？
Can you tell me how to make these ink stains come out?
你能告诉我怎么除去这些墨水渍吗？
Can you tell me what you see in the street?
你能告诉我你在街上见到的一切吗？
Can you think sugar will substitute for honey?
你认为砂糖可以替代蜂蜜吗？
Can you work out this word?
你能弄懂这个词吗？
Can't we start all over again?
我们不能再从头开始吗？
Can't you manage to screw a bit extra out of your parents?
你能设法从你父母那儿再要出一些吗？
Canada has many immigrants from Europe.
加拿大有许多欧洲移民。
Cancer cut his life off in its bloom.
癌症在他风华正茂之时夺去了他的生命。
Capable of being corrected, reformed, or improved.
可改正的可以被改正的，可被改革或提高的
Capable of functioning under varying environmental conditions. Used of certain organisms, such as bacteria that can live with or without oxygen.
兼性寄生的能在不同环境条件下活动的。用于某些生物，如细菌在有氧或无氧条件下都能生存
Capable of producing a voltage when exposed to radiant energy, especially light.
光生伏打的当暴露于辐射时能产生电压的，尤指光
Capped the new women nurses at graduation.
在毕业时给新一批女护士颂发护士帽
Carbon dioxide consists of carbon and oxygen.
二氧化碳是由碳和氧组成的。
Career diplomats; a career criminal.
职业外交官；职业罪犯
Carelessness is at the bottom of all great mistakes.
粗心大意是一切重大错误的根源。
Carl was a man with a chip on his shoulder. Everyone seemed in a conspiracy to slight or injure him.
卡尔整天带着一副愤恨不平的样子，好像大家都有意怠慢或伤害他。
Carried the idea farther.
进一步地表达想法
Carrying the bags upstairs is half the battle. Then we only have to unpack them.
把袋子搬上楼就做了一大半工作，后面的事只需把袋子打开，取出里面的东西就行了。
Carver, who was black, was born in Missouri in1864.
卡佛是个黑人，1864年出生在密苏里州。
Cassette recorder is not allowed in the concert.
录音机不准带入音乐会会场。
Cat up
切碎
Cats are an aversion of hers.
猫是她讨厌的东西。
Caught my hem on the stair.
我的衣襟被钩在楼梯上
Causing disgust or shock; horrifying.
可怕的让人厌恶或震惊；吓人的
Causing or deserving laughter or derision.
可笑的引起或值得发笑或嘲笑的
Cautious or dilatory, as in taking action.
谨慎而保守的谨慎的、保守的，如在采取行动中
Cerebral palsy is a terrible disabler.
脑性麻痹是使人残废的可怕病因。
Certainly something to look forward to.
当然是值得盼望的事。
Certainly. And we are sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
当然可以。很抱歉，给您添了不少麻烦。
Chairman refused to commit himself on the controversial subject before making due investigations.
主席拒绝在作必要的调查研究之前对这个有争论的问题表态。
Change back francs into dollars
将法郎换成原来的美元
Changing a fuse is one of those fiddly jobs I hate.
我最不愿意干换保险丝这类活儿了。
Characteristic of fat; greasy.
油脂性的有脂肪的特性；油脂性的
Characterized by careful thought; deliberate.
深思熟虑以谨慎的思考为特征的；深思熟虑的
Characterized by heavy rainfall; rainy.
多雨的以雨量很大为特征的；多雨的
Characterized by or inclined to coercion.
强迫的表现出或倾向于强制的
Characterized by shedding.
具有脱落特征的
Charge over the changing assets( such as debt or stock) of a business, as opposed to a fix charge
在企业的价格不断变化的资产上的抵债如在债务上的抵债它与固定抵押相对
Charles can't leave early in his new job;he has to ring out.
查尔斯的新工作要求不能提早下班，他下班必须打卡。
Charles started reading when hi was knee-high to a grasshopper.
查尔斯在很小的时候就开始读书了。
Charmingly simple and serene; idyllic.
恬静的宜人和宁静的；田园式的
Cheap or shoddy material.
便宜的、廉价的东西
Check your answers with mine.
把你的答案跟我的核对一下。
Cheer up, man. Things are not as bad as you think.
振作点，老兄。情况没你想的那么严重。
Chelsea and Manchester are two of the top teams in Britain.
切尔西队和曼联队都是英国的顶尖球队。
Cheque mutilate
支票毁损
Child's mother kissed his tears away.
母亲吻去了这孩子的眼泪。
Children are making great efforts work.
孩子们正在努力工作。
Children delight in surprises.
孩子们很喜欢令人惊讶的事物。
Children like seeing the color television.
孩子们喜欢看彩色电视。
Children running barefoot in the sand
光著脚在沙地上跑的孩子们
Children who talk too much in class get under the teacher's skin.
班长随便说话的孩子闹得老师不安宁。
China does a lot of trade with many countries.
中国和许多国家进行多方面贸易。
China overseas trading company ltd.
中国海外贸易有限公司
Chinese is my native language.
汉语是我的母语。
Chocolate egg is traditionally eat on Easter day.
人们按传统吃巧克力彩蛋庆祝复活节。
Choose this button to connect to a network location, assign it a new drive letter
选择此按钮与一个网络地点联接，并分配给它一个新驱动器符
Christians believe in Jesus.
基督教徒信仰耶稣。
Christmas party
圣诞晚会
Cindy is small and just comes up to my chest.
辛迪个子很小，只到我的胸脯那么高。
Cities have a lure for young people from the country.
都市封农村青年具有一种诱惑力。
Civil wrong against persons or property is called"torts".
针对人或财产的民事不规行为称之为“侵权”。
Clarinet
单簧管
Clean energy
清洁能源
Clear the coastal waters of mines
清除沿岸水域的水雷
Clearly, a refrigerator, which is a physical system must obey not only the first law(energy conservation) but the second law of thermodynamics as well.
很明显，冷冻机是一种物理系统，因此它不仅必须遵从第一定律（能量定恒），也必须遵从热力学的第二定律。
Clinging bits of fiber and fluff; fuzz.
棉绒，软棉布聚在一起的纤维和绒毛；细毛
Close attention; close supervision.
密切注意；严格监督
Closest to the functional group of atoms in an organic molecule.
阿尔法位的，第一位的在有机分子中离功能原子基团最近的
Clothing and other equipment for a newborn child.
新生儿的全套用品新生婴儿的衣物和其他装备
Clouds of dust were kicked up by the passing cars.
开过时汽车扬起了阵阵灰尘。
Coal miners; coal seams; coal haulers.
煤矿工；煤层；运煤工
Code
代码
Cold is the privation of heat.
所谓冷就是缺乏热量。
Colin, what are we going to do tonight?
科林，我们今天晚上干嘛？
Colloquial style or quality.
口语体口语化或口语用法
Combined into one united body; merged.
合并的，结合的并入一个整体的；合并的
Come along, or else we shall be late.
赶快，否则我们要迟到了。
Come and see our range of gardening tools.
来瞧瞧我们的成套园艺工具吧。
Come away with your uncle tomorrow.
明天和你叔叔一起走。
Come forward with help, information, money
自告奋勇提供帮助、信息、金钱
Come off the grass!
（布告）勿踏草地
Come on! let's try it.
走吧！让我们试试这一家。
Come on, get your skates on or we'll be late.
来，快些！要不我们就要迟到了。
Come on, we'll be late for the theatre.
快点吧，我们去戏院要迟到了。
Come quick; something terrible has happened!
快来呀！出了可怕的事情啦！
Come to think of it, Xiao Lin promised to telephone me about this time.
想起来了，小林答应这时给我打电话的。
Come whenever it suits you.
只要你方便随时来吧。
Coming before in place or order; foregoing.
在前的，处在前面的在地点或计划之前的；在前的
Commercial Bill
商业汇票
Commit no nuisance!
此处不准大小便！
Communication by the exchange of letters.
通信联系通过信的交换而进行的交流
Compare this with that, and you will see which is better.
将这个与那个比较一下，你就会知道哪个比较好了。
Compassion often engenders love.
同情常会产生爱情。
Competitor here active which report reflect business your side ascertain what cause.
此地同行交易很活跃，据说受贵地影响，请调查原因。
Complete sth unpleasant but necessary
完成或结束必须做的讨厌事
Composed of a variety of substances.
混杂的由各种不同物质构成
Computer Technician
电脑技术员
Computers could be plugged into a national network and be used like radios.
计算机可以通过插座与全国计算网络联接，就象用一架收音机一样。
Comrade Yu will explain the matter to you.
余同志会给你们说明这件事的。
Concern about ecology is a recent development.
封生态学的关心是最近才有的事。
Concrete has had a face-lift in recent years and is no longer its old forbidding grey self.
康克雷特近年来做过面部整容术，所以看上去再也不是以前那副老态龙钟的难看样子了。
Conduct or thought prompted by natural desires or instincts.
本能行动自然愿望和直觉激起的行为和想法
Confined to inland waters, as certain salmon.
内陆水域的限于内陆水域的，如萨蒙河的某些地段
Confusion betrays the guilty.
慌张显出有罪，神色慌张必有鬼。
Congress is empowered by the Constitution to make laws.
国会由宪法授予制定法律的权限。
Consciousness returned gradually.
知觉逐渐恢复过来。
Considered separately from all others of the same class.
与众不同的与同类中其它事物隔开单独考虑的
Consisting of a thousandth.
千分的构成千分之一的
Consisting of or relating to two names or terms.
双名的由双名或双项组成的或与之相关的
Constant personal attention and often obsequious solicitude.
永恒不变的个人恒心和经常顺从的挂念
Construction began in April1977.
1977年4月开始建设。
Containing a consonant or consonants.
辅音的含有一个或几个辅音（字母）的
Containing or implying calumny; slanderous or defamatory.
栽赃的含有或隐含有明知故犯嫌疑的；诽谤或中伤的
Contemporary reports of past events are often more interesting than the modern writer's view of them.
历史事件发生时当时的报导往往比现代作家对这些事件的评论更吸引人。
Continue with sth to the end, despite difficulty or unpleasantness
（虽然困难或不愉快）坚持到底，一直忍下去
Contract sales
订约销售
Contrary to nature, reason, or common sense; absurd.
与本性、理性或常识相反的；荒谬的
Conventional outward signs of grief for the dead, such as a black armband or black clothes.
戴孝为哀悼死者而采用的一种传统的标志，如戴在臂上的黑纱或黑衣服
Cook in the oven for one- hour regal6.
用烤炉在标度６烘烤一小时。
Copy editor
文字编辑
Correct somebody
纠正某人的错误。
Cost what it may, I will carry out the plan to the full.
无论如何，我都要不折不扣地执行这一计划。
Could I ask for your reaction to this policy?
我能问一下您对这个政策的反应吗？
Could be in the Labor Park.
可能在劳动公园。
Could you also get your flash-attachment? Mine is broken.
你是否能把你的闪光设备也拿来？我的坏了。
Could you find her a seat, please?
劳驾，能否给她找一个座位？
Could you let me know sometime tonight?
你可否今晚什么时候告诉我？
Could you put me on to a good accountant?
你能帮我找个好的会计师吗？
Could you tell me where Ever-spring Street is?
你能告诉我长春大街在哪里吗？
Couldn't you stay longer?
你不能多待些时候吗？
Counsel to desist from a specified undesirable course of action.
告诫使结束某项特定的不受欢迎的行为的劝告
Country air is a good tonic.
乡村的空气对身体很有益处。
Court Officer
法庭保卫
Cover over a hole in a roof
在屋顶的洞上盖上东西
Covered with knots or knobs; gnarled.
多节的，多瘤的布满节或球状突出物的；多瘤的
Cowboys spend most of their time out of doors.
牛仔大部分时间都是在户外度过的。
Crane Factory
起重机厂
Credit bureau
商业兴信所
Cricket is a minority sport in the US.
板球在美国只是少数人喜爱的运动。
Criminals, if you please, have a strong sense of honor.
罪犯们竟有一种强烈的荣誉感，你信吗？
Critics point to the continuing instability of the company.
评论家们强调公司的形势继续不稳。
Cross your heart; do you really?
你发誓，你是真的吗？
Crowds turned out for the procession.
人们汇聚成游行队伍。
Cubic meter
立方米
Cup and dish belong to pottery Lei.
杯子和碟属于陶器类。
Current account
现在往来帐，存款额
Custom hedged her in and made her helpless.
习惯势力限制了她并使她孤立无援。
Cut a check to cover travel expenses.
开出一张支票支付旅行费用
Cut from
锯掉…
Cut out quickly. It's dangerous here.
快离开，这儿大危险。
Cut their heirs off without a cent.
完全剥夺了他们继承人的继承权
Cypress branches used as a symbol of mourning.
柏枝作为悲哀象征的柏树枝
Dad opened the door and the cat shot in, with the dog after it.
爸爸打开门，猫就蹿进来，后面还跟着狗。
Daisy blew these things into Dianna's ears.
戴西悄悄地把这些事告诉黛安娜。
Damn! now why do he hate it so much?
该死！他为什么那么讨厌它呢？
Dancing is a total bore/drag.
跳舞真烦死我了。
Dangerous rocks shut up the passage.
危险的礁石堵住了航道。
Dark and somber.
暗的，阴郁的
Darkness was falling fast.
夜色迅速降临。
Dash out
匆忙出去
Dateline
新闻电头
David attributed his company's success to the unity of all the staff and their persevering hard work.
大卫说他们公司之所以获得成功是由于全体员工的团结和坚持不懈努力工作的结果。
David produced a diamond ring and asked Dawn if they could name the day.
戴维拿出了一枚钻石戒指，问道恩他们是否已选定婚期。
David, have I introduce you to Mrs. Pauline Strait?
大卫，我给你介绍过波琳斯特雷特太太了吗？
Day follow even on the winter night.
漫漫寒冬夜，白天在后头。
De you think these little trees will put froth before long?
你认为这些小树不久就会长出叶吗？
Deal with a man as he deals with you.
以其人之道，还治其人之身。
Death is inevitable.
死是无法避免的。
Debate with
与……争辩
Decelerating glass
减速玻璃（汽车）
Decided to put the plan into mothballs.
决定先把此项计划搁置
Decomposition into fragments or parts; disintegration.
分裂，分解碎片或几部分；分解
Deeds, not words.
要行动，不要言词。
Defeat and failure make people humble.
挫折与失败使人谦卑。
Deficient in or lacking blood.
贫血的，无血色的
Deliberate breach of faith; calculated violation of trust; treachery.
缺乏诚意故意的违背信义；故意的破坏信任；欺诈
Delivery can be made free on board and your order dispatched within24 hours.
贵方如能在二十四小时内寄出订单，本公司就以船上交货价条件交货。
Democracy substitute election by the incompetent many for appointment by corrupt few.
民主主义以由无能的大多数作出的选举来代替腐败的少数作出的委任。
Dentist
牙科医生
Depending on who he is talking to, Harry can flip over from a cockney accent to a posh cultured one.
根据说话的对像，哈里可以从说伦敦方言突然转为说优雅而有教养的语言。
Deputize for
主任代理或代表
Describing or portraying nudity or sexual activity in graphic detail.
描述裸体或性行为的轮廓鲜明地描述或描绘裸体或性行为的
Design, construction, and use of machinery or mechanical structures.
机械学机器或机械工具的设计、制造和使用
Designed for combat or defense against armored vehicles, especially tanks.
防坦克的设计用来战斗或抵御尤其是坦克的武装车辆
Despair of
失望，绝望
Despite her professional success, she is always overshadow by her husband.
尽管她事业有成，但和丈夫相比总觉逊色。
Despite the hardness of his bed, he is soon sleeping soundly.
虽然床很硬，他还是很快地睡熟了。
Destroying or inhibiting the growth and reproduction of human or animal parasites.
抗寄生物的消灭或抑制人体及动物体内寄生虫生长繁衍的
Detective hunting the gang is put on to them by an anonymous telephone call.
缉捕歹徒的侦探接到向他们提供线索的匿名电话。
Developers have destroyed the landscape by hacking down all the trees.
土地开发商把树都砍掉了，破坏了风景。
Deviation from a set course caused by drifting.
偏移由于漂动而从既定路线上偏离
Devoid of sexual desire; frigid.
性冷淡的没有性欲的；性冷淡的
Diamond cut diamond.
强中更有强中手。
Dick excels all his classmates in mathematics.
狄克在数学方面优於全班同学。
Dick started to apologize and George, who has had much practice in these matters, let him down easy.
迪克开始道歉，乔治在这些事情上很有经验，就给他留了面子。
Dickens read extracts from his novels before audience in the theatre.
狄更斯在剧院将他小说的片断读给观众们听。
Did a burglar break into your house last night?
昨晚有个窃贼闯进你家吗？
Did he fall on a bad setback?
他是不是遭到了严重的挫折？
Did she fall for the suggestion?
她喜欢这个提议吗？
Did the shop assistant live in or out?
那个店员是住在店里还是住在外面？
Did you catch my idea?
你懂得我的意见吗？
Did you ever hear Maria Callas sing?
你听过玛丽亚卡莱斯唱歌吗？
Did you get a good trade-in on your sewing machine?
你以旧缝纫机折价换新合算吗？
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?
你暑假期间去过什麽地方吗？
Did you hear yesterday's news?
你听到昨天的消息了吗？
Did you measure the distance?
你量过这段距离吗？
Did you really feel ill this morning?
今天早晨你真的感到身体不适吗？
Did you sleep well last night?
你昨晚睡得好吗？
Did your teacher have much to say about your being late for class again?
你今天上课又迟到了，你老师又是好一通责备吧？
Die heroically for national liberation
为民族解放事业而英勇牺牲
Difficult Husband
丈夫难伺候
Difficult, incomplete, or infrequent evacuation of dry, hardened feces from the bowels.
便秘有困难的、不完全的或不经常从肠道排泄干燥且硬的大便
Digging the canal was a Herculean task.
开凿运河是项极其艰巨的工程。
Dip into an author
粗略地研究一个作家
Direct one's/someone's attention to
（使）注意，（使）注意力集中
Dirt breed disease.
肮脏易生病。
Discharge or waste, such as pus or feces, from a living organism.
排出物从生命体排生物或废物，如脓、屎、尿等
Discovery or determination of facts or accurate information.
实地调查事实或正确信息的发现或测定
Disguise as
假扮，改装
Disliked the situation but had to live with it.
不喜欢这种状态但必须忍受它
Display the document on the screen as it will appear printed.
在屏幕上显示文件被打印时的样子。
Dispute against/with
与……辩论，和……争论
Distant from a center of activity; remote.
偏远的远离活动中心的；偏远的
Diverge to
转向，转到
Dividing into elemental parts or basic principles.
分解的分成基本部分或基本要素的
Do I have to change?
我得换车吗？
Do I want what?
我要什么？
Do as you will be done by.
人们怎样待你，你就怎样待人。
Do call round when you have the time. We are at home most evenings.
有空一定到我们家来坐坐，我们大部分晚上都在家。
Do exercise every day and you'll be back in condition.
每天锻链锻链，你很快会恢复健康的。
Do he like it?
他喜欢吗？
Do is better than saying.
空谈不如实干。
Do it up. It'll be good for you.
把它喝完，它对你有益。
Do nor for one repulse, for go the purpose that you resolved to effort.-- Shakespeare
不要因为一次挫折就放弃你原来决心要达到的目标。－－莎士比亚
Do not bother me.
不要干扰我。
Do not forget the small bag. denise.
别忘了小提包，丹尼斯。
Do not gum up the work by telling mother what we are going to do.
别告诉母亲我们要干的事，那会把事情搞糟的。
Do not keep your socks on if they get wet.
要是袜子湿了，就不要再穿了。
Do not minimize the risk involve.
不要低估所涉的风险。
Do not put off till tomorrow what can be enjoyed today.
今天可以享受的事情，不要拖到明天去。
Do not swap horse when cross a stream.
中流不换马；危局不易人。
Do not throw that plastic bag away; it may come in handy.
别把那个塑胶袋扔了，会用得著的。
Do not worry. I'll tell you when we go there.
不用担心。到了那儿我会告诉您的。
Do not you think the section chief's desk is unusually clean?
你不认为主管的桌子异常的干净吗？
Do she bring you any fruit?
她带给你一些水果了吗？
Do something that will appeal to you more.
做些更能投合你心意的工作。
Do the boy's mother buy a pair of shoes for him?
那孩子的母亲给他买了一双鞋吗？
Do there used to be a map on that wall?
以前那墙上有一幅地图吗？
Do they teach english?
他们教英语吗？
Do unto others as you would others should do to you.
你希望人如何对待你，就如何去待人。
Do what the briefing calls for.
按简令的要求去做。
Do you agree with me about the need for more schools?
关於多建一些学校一事，你同意我的意见吗？
Do you believe in ghosts?
你相信有鬼吗？
Do you confide in our ability to do this work?
你相信我们干得了这件工作吗？
Do you enjoy the play?
你欣赏这出戏吗？
Do you feel like ham and eggs?
你想来一客火腿蛋吗？
Do you get along well with your aunt?
你与你婶婶合得来吗？
Do you go to the market every day?
你每天到市场去吗？
Do you have a computer?
你有计算机吗？
Do you have an account with us?
您在我们这儿有户头吗？
Do you have any ideas when he'll be back?
你知道他什么时候回来吗？
Do you have any special interests other than you job?
你除了职业之外，还有什么其他特殊爱好吗？
Do you have glue? I need some here.
你有胶水吗？我这里需要一点。
Do you have the slightest notion of what this means?
你能明白一点儿这是什麽意思吗？
Do you hold with nudity on the stage?
你赞成在舞台上作裸体表演吗？
Do you know any of those people over there?
在那些人当中你认识谁？
Do you know how to log in to the system?
你知道怎么登录进入这个系统吗？
Do you know the essays of Francis Bacon, who lived about the same time as Shakespeare?
你知道弗朗西斯科·培根写的文章吗？培根和莎士比亚大约是同一时代的人。
Do you know their telephone number?
你知道他们的电话号码吗？
Do you know when die secret got out?
你知道这个秘密是在什么时候被泄露出去的吗？
Do you know who put him on the needle and supplied him?
你知道谁诱使他嗜毒成瘾并供给他毒品吗？
Do you like bananas?
你喜欢吃香蕉吗？
Do you like playing basketball?
你喜欢打篮球吗？
Do you like this brand of tea?
你喜欢这种茶吗？
Do you manage to see the head buyer?
你设法见到了那位重要买主吗？
Do you meet many men?
你会见许多人了吗？
Do you mind my smoking here?
我在这儿抽烟你不介意吧？
Do you object to my closing the window?
我把窗子关上可以吗？
Do you prefer coffee or tea?
您要咖啡还是要茶？
Do you really think that Frank will be a good boss?
你真的认为法兰克可以成为一个好的上司吗？
Do you remember when we first got married? Those were the days!
你还记得我们刚结婚那时吗？那时多幸福
Do you see the church beyond those trees? That's the village.
你看见树林那边的教堂了吗？那村庄就在那儿。
Do you smoke?
你抽烟吗？
Do you stay in bed late last sunday?
上星期天你在床上躺到很晚吗？
Do you teach english here?
你们这儿教英语吗？
Do you think a cleaning job appeal to you?
你看清洁工你喜欢干吗？
Do you think life is a sequence of agreeable events?
你认为人生就是一连串愉快的事情吗？
Do you think the crops will turn out well?
你想庄稼会长得不错吗？
Do you think this jelly's firm enough to eat yet?
你以为这果子冻已经硬得可以吃了吗？
Do you think you can give up the bad habit?
你觉得你能够改掉这个坏习惯吗？
Do you type the letter or take a rest?
你打信呢，还是休息呢？
Do you want an import brand or a home-make one?
您想买进口的还是国产的？
Do you want these English books?
你要这些英文书籍吗？
Do you wish to insure it?
您希望给它保险吗？
Doctor Jones can fit you in on Thursday afternoon.
琼斯医生可以在星期四下午给你看病。
Doctors do their best to treat the sick, but they can't perform miracles.
医生尽力治疗病人，但他们无法创造奇迹。
Documents which have to been put in order.
入档文件，必须放置有序的文件。
Does ballet appeal to you?
你对芭蕾舞感兴趣吗？
Does it matter to you what people say?
人们说什么对你重要吗？
Does she like icecream?
她喜欢吃冰淇淋吗？
Does the idea of working abroad appeal to you?
你对去国外工作感兴趣吗？
Does this railway go to the coast?
这条铁路通到海边吗？
Doesn't anyone know the plan?
没有人知道这个计划吗？
Dogs straining at the lead
用力拖曳牵狗皮带的狗
Dominance by location; extent of view.
控制定位控制；观察的范围
Don't always leave your pen about or you will lose it one day.
不要老是把你的钢笔东放西放，否则总有一天会丢失的。
Don't ask me such complicated questions.
这么难答的问题别问我。
Don't be above yourself. You still have a long way to go.
不要得意忘形，你还有很长的路要走。
Don't be off guard! You mustn't tell anything to him.
不要失去警惕，你一定不要告诉他任何事情。
Don't be so innocent as to believe everything the politicians tell you.
别那麽幼稚，以为政客说的一切都是可信的。
Don't be such a bloody fool, Jack.
杰克，你别这么傻。
Don't be uneasy about the consequence.
不必为后果忧虑不安。
Don't blame on him, after all, he is a green hand.
不要责备他，他毕竟是个新手。
Don't bother to wipe up the dishes, just put them on the table.
碟子不用擦干，把它放在桌子上就行了。
Don't burst a blood vessel!
别生这么大的气！
Don't come down too hard on her.
不要太严厉地申斥她。
Don't copy Jackson's ideas, the realism he uses has been worked to death many times and is no longer interesting.
别抄杰克逊的观点了，他那一套现实主义已经用够了，再也没有什么意思。
Don't cut in while I am talking.
我在讲时，不要插嘴。
Don't despair; things will get better soon!
不要丧失信心，情况很快就会好转的。
Don't drive your new car too fast until you've run it in.
新汽车未经磨合运转不要开得太快。
Don't expect me to sit here like a good boy while Smith is up there talking his head off.
不要指望我会像个乖孩子地坐在这儿，而史密斯在那里唠叨个没完。
Don't fling your clothes about.
你的衣服不要乱扔。
Don't forget to do it. Please remember!
请记着别忘了做这件事！
Don't forget we're going to the exhibition this afternoon.
别忘了，我们今天下午去参观展览会。
Don't get angry, I said it just in fun.
别生气，我只是说着玩的。
Don't get up please.
请不要站起来。
Don't give up hope;keep on trying.
不要灰心，继续努力。
Don't go out in the wet.
下雨天别出门。
Don't hang about--we have a train to catch!
别磨磨蹭蹭了，我们还要赶火车呢！
Don't idle(about).
不要吊儿郎当。
Don't irritate her, she's on a short fuse today.
别惹她，她今天动不动就发火。
Don't just stand around wringing your hands. Do something.
不要老站在那里发愁，想点办法吧。
Don't keep your hat on in class.
上课时不准戴帽子。
Don't laze away your time.
不要虚度光阴。
Don't let all this good food go to waste!
不要让这些好吃的东西白白浪费掉！
Don't let it get out that he's coming.
他来的事不要传出去了。
Don't let the dog out of the garden or he'll get run over.
不要让狗跑到院子外面去，不然它会被汽车压死的。
Don't let your mind wander from the main point as issue.
不要让你的思路离开争论的主题。
Don't loaf your life away.
不要虚度一生。
Don't lose your hope, every dog has his day.
不要灰心，每个人都有转运的一天。
Don't make the child cry.
别把孩子弄哭了。
Don't mention it. You should drink some water and go to lie down.
不客气，你应该多喝些水，去躺一下。
Don't move or I'll riddle you with bullets!
不许动，要不我就开枪把你打得浑身是窟窿！
Don't open it till your birthday.
等到你过生日那天再打开。
Don't plaster the paint on(the wall), spread it thinly.
不要把油漆（往墙上）涂得那么厚，要涂得薄一些。
Don't poke into my private affairs.
不要干涉我的私事。
Don't pull the chicken switch, unless absolutely necessary.
除非绝对必要，请不要碰紧急弹射按钮。
Don't put your house on the market in the winter, when sales are slow.
不要在冬季出售你的房屋，因为是销售淡季。
Don't rely on his memory he's a bit of a dreamer.
不要相信他的记忆力－－他有点神不守舍的。
Don't run away with the idea that you can be idle in this job.
别错误地认为做这项工作你可以偷懒。
Don't scold the child without reason.
不可无缘无故地责骂小孩。
Don't shy away, children.
孩子们，别躲开。
Don't spend so much money doesn't grow on trees, you know.
别花这麽多－－钱不是容易挣的。
Don't stand talking at the gate, Bruce. Invite your friend in.
布鲁斯，别站在大门口谈话了。请你的朋友进来吧。
Don't stint yourself; take all you want.
别限制你自己，要什么就拿什么。
Don't take it so seriously.
不要把它看得那样认真。
Don't talk back to me!
不要跟我顶嘴！
Don't tell the director how you ruined the job, or he'll go through the roof.
不要告诉经理是怎么把工作搞砸了的，不然他会大发雷霆的！
Don't throw your bus ticket away--the inspector may want to see it.
别把你的车票丢掉，查票员可能查看。
Don't trouble to write when I'm gone.
我外出时，你不必麻烦给我写信。
Don't try to fool me.
你别糊弄我。
Don't turn here, stay on the same road.
别在这里转弯，沿原路走下去。
Don't wait for us to join you at the table; just dive in.
不要等我们和你们一起吃饭：你只管快些吃吧。
Don't whip in while others are talking.
在别人谈话时不要突然插话。
Don't worry about me. Just carry on.
别为我担心，只管进行下去。
Don't worry if you can't get all the paint off, I'll soon put it right with this special solvent.
如果你无法把所有的油漆除掉，你不要担心，用这种特殊的溶剂我马上就能解决问题了。
Don't worry, you still have a little time.
别担心，你还有一点时间呢。
Don't worry. Things will come out all right in the wash.
别担心，最后一切都会好起来的。
Don't you care about anybody?
你难道谁也不关心吗？
Don't you think it's a little unkind to gloat over your competitor's failure?
你难道不认为对你对手的失败幸灾乐祸是有点不近人情吗？
Donald enjoys sea fishing and more often than not he catches enough for dinner.
唐纳德喜欢去海边钓鱼，他钓鱼常常足够他饱餐一顿。
Dora said of her brother:"He's had no end of bad luck, but he just seems to have bounced back every time."
多拉谈到她的兄弟时说：“他老是运气不好，但每次事过之后他似乎又若无其事了。”
Douglas put away Collins in cold blood.
道格拉斯蓄意杀死了柯林斯。
Doyle was passed over for promotion.
多伊尔未被考虑提升。
Drain into
流人，排入
Draw a straight line on the paper.
在纸上画一条直线。
Draw the curtain aside.
把窗帘拉开。
Drawn or operated by a horse.
马拉的，使用马力的
Dress however you like.
你喜欢怎么穿就怎么穿
Drew the winning number in the lottery.
抽出彩券中得奖的号码
Drink was his downfall.
酒是使他毁灭的原因。
Drive on
继续开车
Driving in Taipei is quite impossible nowadays.
现在在台北开车，令人无法忍受。
Drop everything and help.
搁下一切来帮忙
Drove like mad.
发疯似地驾车
Dry bread at home is better than roast meat abroad.
家有干面包，胜似他乡吃叉烧。
Ducks go"quack".
鸭子＂嘎嘎＂叫。
Dull and uninteresting.
枯燥的且无趣味的
During an epidemic of influenza the air in trains and buses quickly becomes infected with germs.
流感流行期间，火车和公共汽车的空气很快便爱到病毒污染。
During or on the present day.
在今天在现在这一天内或在现在这一天
During the daytime he carried rocks with the other workers.
白天他和其他工人一道运[抬]石头。
During the night, workmen ripped up the middle of the road so as to lay new pipes.
工人们在夜间挖开道路中间部分以便铺设新管道。
During the war, many of our villages and towns were burnt down by the invaders.
战争中，侵略者把我们的许多村庄和城市烧为平地。
Dusk was falling as he hurried back.
他匆匆往回走时已是黄昏时候了。
Dusted off last year's winter coat.
重又穿上去年的冬衣
Dyed the whole carton of eggs.
把一纸箱鸡蛋都染上色
Each day is a holiday, and ordinary holidays when they come are grudged as enforced interruptions in an absorbing vocation.
每个工作日象假日一样，平时节日的来临被抱怨为是对他们正全神贯注的工作的强行中断。
Each of the apartment have its own garage.
每个公寓都有自己的车库。
Each passenger on; he's overweight for take-off as it is.
每个乘客可以携带一个小手提箱放在飞机的座位下。
Each time I spelt the word, I made same mistake.
每次拼这单词，我总犯同样的错误。
Eager to emulate; emulous.
努力赶上的；好胜的
Early settlement request vie our mutual interest otherwise may lose buyer.
鉴于彼此的利益，望早日获得解决，否则会失去客户。
Earthly delights; one's earthly possessions.
世俗快乐；一个人在尘世上的所有财产
Easily approached or entered.
易接近的，易进入的
Easily resuming original shape after being stretched or expanded; flexible.
柔韧的，有弹性的伸长或扩展后容易恢复原状的；柔韧的
Eat european( japanese, korean, russian, guangdong, sichuan) food
吃西（日本、朝鲜、俄式、广东、川）菜
Economic depression often follows war.
经济不景气常因战争所致。
Edge your chair a little.
把你的椅子稍为挪动一下。
Educated people considered as a group; the literati.
文人，学者被作为一个群体看待的受过教育的人；文人
Effect a cure, a change, a sale
产生疗效、引起变化、实行大减价
Eight horses will race for the cup.
将有八匹马叁赛争夺奖杯。
Einstein was the fast to show in theory how the energy of the atom might be released.
爱因斯坦是第一位从理论上说明原子能量是如何释放的。
Either of the two elevated goals, each consisting of a metal hoop from which an open-bottomed circular net is suspended.
球篮两个升高的球篮之一，每个由一金属环上挂有一个无底的圆网组成
Either of two points marking the end of a line segment.
端点标记一条线段两端的两点中的任何一点
Either you or Master Li has repaired the meter.
不是你就是李师傅把仪表修好的。
Electric charges work when they move.
当电荷运动时，就做功。
Elephants strip the leaves from trees.
大象剥去了树上的叶子。
Elizabeth, however, is more than adequate to the challenge.
然而，伊丽莎白对这一挑衅完全应付裕如。
Embezzlement
盗用公款
Emission and propagation of energy in the form of rays or waves.
发射以光线或波的形式发出和传播能量
Emotionally or mentally depressed.
消沉的感情上或精神上受压抑的
Employment, especially for a specified time.
雇佣雇佣或聘请，尤指为特定时间的雇佣
Enclosed is our new Quotation No. ______ in lieu of the previous one.
随附我公司第号新的报价单以替代前发的报价单。
Enclosed you will find the account of the premium, for which I have debited your account,￡40.00.
同函奉上保险费帐目一份，上开金额为40英镑，我已记入贵方借方帐户。
Endure an Arctic winter.
忍受北极的冬天
Enforced removal from one's native country.
流放被强迫离开自己的国家
England are playing France at football tomorrow.
英国明天将和法国进行足球比赛。
England trades with China.
英国兴中国贸易。
English differs greatly from Spanish in pronunciation.
英语跟西班牙语在发音上大不相同。
English schoolmasters used to cane the boys as a punishment.
英国小学老师过去常用教鞭打男学生作为惩罚。
Enjoyed a sociable chat.
进行友善的闲谈
Enough said. If you feel like working here, you only have to say so.
不用多说了。如果你愿意在这里工作，照直说好了。
Enthusiasts had been talking up the game.
热心的人们一直在吹捧那场比赛。
Environmental problems that touch us all.
与我们所有人都有关的环境问题
Equality of mass and net electric charge of reacting species on each side of an equation.
化学平衡反应式两边在质量或起反应的纯净电荷方面的均等
Erased a file from the diskette.
从磁盘上清除掉一个文件
Errors will slip in.
错误总会悄悄地溜进去。
Estimated time of arrival.
估计到达的时间
Evasive or vague speech or writing.
无聊的话胡乱或含糊的话或写的东西
Even an experienced cumber will get into trouble.
哪怕是个有经验的登山者也会馅入困境。
Even homer sometimes nod.
巨匠也有败笔。
Even if you don't agree with me, you mustn't rock the boat at this critical time.
即使你不同意我的观点，你也不要在这关键的时候闹乱子。
Even now when I think about it I feel pain in my heart.
就是现在想起来我心里都感到难受。
Even the experts took it for a genuine antique.
连专家都以为它是真古董了。
Even though I take medicine, I feel worse than I do yesterday.
虽然吃了药，却好像比昨天更严重。
Even when you argue, you should try to keep cool.
即使在争辩时，你也要尽力保持冷静。
Events went against them.
事情发展对他们不利。
Ever since our quarrel last month we have not been on speaking terms.
我们自从上个月吵架以来，就彼此不友好了。
Every boy loves their school.
每一个男孩都爱自己的学校。
Every day he rode his old bicycle to his office.
每天他骑着他那辆旧自行车去上班。
Every disposable piece of equipment was sent to the fire.
每一种可用的设备都被大火烧毁了
Every heart have its own ache.
人人心里有痛苦。
Every man has his faults.
金无足赤，人无完人。
Every man wants a woman to appeal to his better side, his nobler instincts and his higher nature—and another woman to help him forget them.
每一个男人都想要一个能投合自己好的一面——高尚的本能与崇高的情操——的女人，同时又想要一个教他忘掉一切的女人。
Every morning he travelled many miles to make investigations.
每天早上，他跑好几英里的路，进行调查。
Every one does not know.
并非每个人都知道。
Every purchaser of a pound of coffee received a box of cookies as a bonus.
每买一磅咖啡的人都得到一盒免费奉送的饼干。
Every spring they shear off the sheep's wool and sell it.
每年春天他们都要剪下羊毛去卖。
Every time I block a hole in the fence to keep the dog in he gets out somewhere else-I just can't win.
每次我把栅栏上的洞堵塞掉不让狗出去，但它总是又从其它地方钻出去——我似乎老是失败。
Every time he drinks wine, he drives a nail in his coffin.
他每喝一次酒，就等于加速死亡一步。
Every two weeks.
两周一次地
Every year a race is held in England for veteran cars.
每年在英国都会举行一次旧型车竞赛。
Everybody enjoyed himself ever so at the evening party.
在联欢晚会上大家都非常愉快。
Everybody knows that story. It's as old as the hills.
谁都知道那个故事，它老掉牙了。
Everybody that was not invited was as mad as a wet hen.
没有受到邀请的人个个都很生气。
Everyone began pressing him for more details.
大家都开始要求他讲更多的详细情况。
Everyone has someone worth fighting for.
人人都有值得为其效力的人。
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion.
每个人都可以有他自己的想法。
Everyone on board saw the bright spheres and everyone thought it was"UFO"-Unidentified Flying Object.
飞机上的每个人都看见了这个明亮的球体，每个人都认为这是不明飞行物。
Everyone should learn to indemnify oneself against harm.
每个人都应当，学会使自己不受伤害。
Everyone working in the business can be trusted to behave in a way that best promotes the interests of the firm.
可以信赖该企业中的每个人都能按照最有助于企业利益的方式行事。
Everything concurred to greaten fire.
事情凑在一起，使得火势更加凶猛。
Everything in the kitchen is in good order.
厨房里的每样东西都井然有序。
Everything new is fine.
东西新的好。
Everything was just fine until Fred came along and fouled things up.
本来一切都井井有条，弗雷德一来就给搞得乱七八糟。
Everything you saw would become dear to you.
你所看到的每件事会变得对你珍贵起来。
Evidence based on the reports of others rather than the personal knowledge of a witness and therefore generally not admissible as testimony.
传闻证据证人根据别人讲述的内容而不是本人所了解的情况作出的证词，因此一向不作为可接受的证据
Ex Factory
工厂交货价
Examination of a dead person to see what is the cause of death.
对死人的检查，找出引起死亡的原因。
Excellent; exceptional
出色的；非凡的；卓越的
Excessive commercialism in the theatre
该戏院过分追求利润的经营方式
Excessive zeal; fanaticism.
狂热过度热心；入迷
Exclusiveness is a characteristic of recent riches, high society, and the skunk.
排他主义，是为了近来的有钱人家、上流阶级以及臭鼬等的特色。
Excuse me, I must just see how much those Scottish kilts cost.
对不起，我去看看那些苏格兰呢方格裙多少钱。
Excuse me, can you tell me how I can get to the library?
打扰了，请告诉我去图书馆怎么走？
Excuse me, is there a bus stop near by?
打扰了，请问附近有公共汽车站吗？
Excuse me. Back in a tick.
对不起。一会儿就回来。
Excuse me. I'll be right back.
对不起。我马上就回来。
Executed or drawn up by a notary public.
由公证经办的由公证实行或布置的
Exercise will firm up your muscles.
锻炼身体能使肌肉结实。
Exhibiting a desire or willingness to please; cheerfully obliging.
殷勤的表现出取悦别人意愿的；乐于顺从的
Existing in great quantity or ample supply.
丰富的，富裕的大量存在或充足供应的
Expand on a favorite topic.
详述一个感兴趣的论题
Expenditure raced up and up to an unprecedented level.
消费不断地急剧上升，达到了空前的水准。
Experienced travelers strap in without waiting to be asked.
有经验的旅客一就座便自动系好安全带。
Explain yourself! Why did you insult him?
说说道理！为什么要侮辱他。
Export trade was falling off.
出口贸易减少了。
Expressing a grammatical category by using two or more words instead of an inflected form.
分析型的以两个或两个以上的词代替屈折变化来表达语法范畴的
Extended the radio antenna.
把收音机的天线拉到最长
Extra hands were set on to the job.
额外增添了人手来干这活儿。
Extreme, irrational distrust of others.
多疑症对于他人极端且毫无道理的怀疑
Extremely or extravagantly eager; impassioned or zealous.
极端或过分热情的；有激情的或热烈的
Eyes not accustomed to desert sun.
眼睛不适应沙漠里的阳光
Faced with two equally undesirable alternatives.
进退维谷，左右为难面临两种同样不受欢迎的选择
Factory chimneys, showered smooth ore the district.
工厂的烟囱把大量烟灰倾吐在这一地区。
Faded and dull in appearance.
外表褪色的，单调的
Failure spells death.
失败意味着丧命。
Fair to middling, thanks.
还可以，谢谢。
Fall back on old friends in time of need.
在需要时求助于老朋友们
Falling in Love
坠入情网
Fame like a river is narrowest at its source and broadest afar off.
名誉如河流，发源处最狭，愈远愈宽广。
Fancied himself to be of a macho cast.
想象他自己是一个强壮男子
Fanned the wet paint to hasten drying.
扇湿画以加速其干的过程
Far from being honest, he is a big crook.
他不光是不诚实，简直是一个大恶棍。
Farewell! I hope we meet again soon.
别了！希望很快我们能再见面。
Farmers usually keep chickens in their backyard.
农民们通常在自己的后院养鸡。
Fasten on a notion.
坚持一种观念
Father
父亲
Father gave me a book.
父亲给我一本书。
Father must take his pill on the hour.
父亲必须在每点钟准点吃药丸。
Father was formerly a soldier.
爸爸从前是军人。
Fatigue weighed on him.
他疲惫不堪。
Fear crept into her mind.
她不知怎的害怕起来了。
Feared the withdrawal of his parents' permission.
害怕他父母撤消已做出的许可
Feed cattle off for the market.
把牛养肥以供应市场。
Feel one's way in a new job.
在新工作中寻找方法
Feeling or inclined to feel anxiety or apprehension; timid; nervous.
担忧的感到（或趋向于感到）不安、忧虑的；胆小的；焦虑的
Felt big with love.
心中满怀爱意
Ferryboats ply across the English Channel.
渡船定期往返于英吉利海峡。
Few men endowed with the brain of an Einstein.
很少有人具有爱因斯坦的智慧。
Few people would not exult at the abolition of slavery.
奴隶制被废除了，人们无不为之欢乐鼓舞。
Field an army of campaign workers.
发动了一大群助选员
Fifty-first
第五十一
File left!
各队向左！
Fill in your answer in capital letter, not small letter.
答案用大写字母填写，不要用小写字母。
Filled with or expressing grief; mournful.
忧愁的，消沉的充满悲伤的或表现悲伤的；悲痛的
Finally Aunt May stood up and said."I will not sell the house. Good evening. Mr. Flynn."
最后梅姑妈站起来说：“我不要卖房子，再见，佛林先生。”
Finally she overcame these fears.
最后她克服了这些疑虑。
Finally they hit upon a strategy.
最后他们想出了一条计策。
Finally-- they have hired a new person. I hope this cut down on our work a little.
终于他们雇用新人了。希望我们的工作能减少一些。
Find a sheltered spot for a picnic
找个有遮蔽的地方野餐
Fine day
是晴天
Fine, thank you, and you?
好，谢谢。你好吗？
Fingerprints linked the suspect to the crime.
指纹印把嫌疑犯与所犯罪行不可分割地联系在一起。
Fire a ball at a batter.
向击球员猛掷一个球
Fires swept through the outskirts, where the houses, being mostly of wood, were razed to the ground.
大火席卷郊区，那里的房屋多数都是木造的，被烧成了一片废墟。
First brown the meat in hot fat.
首先把肉放在油里炸成金黄色。
First of all let me say how glad I am to be here.
首先我要说的是，来到这儿，我是多么的高兴！
First street right turn/left turn.
第一条街右转／左转。
Fish a lot of rubbish out of a pool
从水坑里捞出许多垃圾
Fish up the sunk ammunition
捞起沉在水里的弹药
Fishing out his pipe, he filled it and puffed at it without a word.
他掏出烟斗，装满烟丝，一言不发地抽了起来。
Five members were nominated to the committee and eight were elected to it.
委员会有5名指定成员，另外8名由选举产生。
Five times as much, as many, or as large.
五倍的五倍数量或大小的
Fixed the tent poles in the ground.
把帐篷的柱子固定在地上
Flashed on that time we got caught in the storm.
突然想起我们被困在暴风雨中的情景
Fleshed out the novel with a subplot.
辅以次要情节使小说更充实
Fling off a merry tune
哼一支愉快的曲子
Florida court says recounts can continue; Palm Beach poised.
佛州法院裁决棕榈滩郡重新计票工作可继续。
Flowers fell off.
花凋谢了。
Flutter your eyelashes at the barman. Peggy, and ask him to serve us with drinks.
佩吉，向那个酒吧男招待员眨眨眼睫毛，请他给我们拿饮料来。
Foam rubber is soft rubber full of small air-bubbles.
泡沫橡胶是充满了小气泡的软橡胶。
Fold the beaten egg in the flour.
把打好了的鸡蛋小心地加进面粉里去。
Follow my advice, not my example.
照我说的做，别照我做的做。
Follow up a lead, clue, rumour
顺著头绪、线索、谣传进行调查
Following the roar, out rushed a tiger among the bushes.
一声吼叫，呼地从林子里冲出一只老虎来。
Food is apt to deteriorate in summer.
食物在夏天容易变质。
Fool have fortune.
庸人庸福。
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
天使裹足不前，愚人轻举妄动。
Footwear resembling such a slipper.
类似印第安软皮鞋的鞋
For a lose thing care nothing.
物已失，勿介意。
For a time the news delighted Labour MPs and trade union stalwarts: the City, at last, was getting some of its own medicine.
这条消息使工党议员和工会的忠诚分子很高兴：伦敦金融界终于得到报应了。
For all his efforts, he didn't succeed.
尽管他尽了一切努力，但没有成功。
For analog inputs, any absolute voltage value above which the analog-to- digital converter cannot distinguish a change. The overload value can be different for plus and minus inputs.
就模拟输入而言，使模数转换器不能区别其变化的超范围的绝对电压值。超载值对于正输入和负输入可能不同。
For eight years she was in fact spying for the enemy.
八年来她实际上一直为敌人做间谍工作。
For further particulars, apply at the following address.
若要了解更详细情况，可到下列地址联系。
For homework you can write up the rough notes you made in class.
把课堂上记的笔记草稿整理成文作为家庭作业。
For many of these families a college education was something new.
＂对其中的许多家庭来说，大学教育是件新事物。＂
For most of the day he can still be found working somewhere in the plant.
每天大部分时间人们还会发现他在厂里什么地方劳动。
For one reason or another their holiday in France didn't come up to expectations.
由于这样或那样的原因，他们在法国的假期没有预想的那样好。
For professional footballers, injuries are an occupational hazard.
对于职业足球运动员来说，受伤是职业本身带来的危险。
For similar expressions, see entries forns
类似固定词组见有关名词词条，如
For such a large order, you will surely quote us closely.
对于这么一大笔订货，您肯定会报最低的价格吧。
For the cause of revolution, he did not fear to die.
为了革命事业，他不怕牺牲自己。
For the first two year, the target sale be10,000 set, and from the third year on, another2,000 set per year.
头两年的目标销售量为10，000台，从第三年起，每年增加2，000台。
For the murder of that helpless woman, you shall hang by the neck until you are dead.
由于你谋杀了那个手无寸铁的妇女，你将被绞死。
For the soul is dead that slumbers,
因为沉睡的灵魂等于死去，
For this lot, could you consider prompt shipment?
我们这批货，能不能考虑即期装运？
For various reasons, the House and Senate, in their bicentennial year, have gotten off to an even slower start than usual.
由于种种原因，众参两院在这两百周年里，一开始[议程进度]就比往常迟缓。
For years the business just kept jogging along.
多年来生意仅仅是平平而已。
Force exerted in pulling or required to overcome resistance in pulling.
（牵引时所用的）力量在拉时所施的力或要克服的阻力
Foreign governments have been consulted about this decision.
这一决定曾徵询过他国政府的意见。
Forged into first place with seconds to go.
在还剩几秒时突然加速跃居第一
Forgive for
宽恕，原谅
Forlorn roadside shacks.
凄凉的路边栅屋
Formal sitting
隆重开会
Formerly he often lingered about a park, doing nothing.
从前他总是在公园里闲荡，无所事事。
Fortunately the pilot bailed out before the plane crashed.
飞机坠毁之前，驾驶员幸运地跳伞了。
Fortune has not always smiled on him.
命运之神并非总是对他微笑。
Fouls are usually penalized.
犯规通常要科以罚则。
Found the money by economizing.
通过节约得到了钱财
Four people were killed in the explosion, but police have not yet named the victims.
爆炸中有四人丧生，但警方尚未公布遇难者的姓名。
Fracture of the leg can be very serious in old people.
老年人腿骨骨折有可能成为严重疾患。
Frank beat andrew with close score.
弗兰克以接近的比分击败安德鲁。
Frank's errancy consisted mostly of pranks.
法兰克错在老喜欢恶作剧。
Fraught with uncertainty or doubt; undecided.
未定局的充满不定或怀疑的；未决的
Fred was all hopped up about going over the ocean.
弗雷德一想要远渡重洋，就兴奋得要命。
Free from flaws; morally pure
无瑕疵的；道德上纯洁的
Free of restraints or rules in organization, methods, or procedure.
不受约束的在组织、方法或程序上没有限制或规则的
Freedom from sin, moral wrong, or guilt through lack of knowledge of evil.
清白由于对罪恶的无知而无罪恶、道德失常或罪行
Freight tariff
运费表、运价表
French painter known especially for his street scenes of Paris.
优特里罗，莫里斯1883－1955法国画家，以其对巴黎街景的景物画著称
Frequent failures did not affect his morale.
屡次失败都没有使他泄气。
Friday has been set down for the next meeting.
已经定于星期五召开下次会议。
Friendship multiple joy and divide grieve.
朋友之间，欢乐同享，苦难同当。
From International Herald Tribune
译自[美]《国际先驱论坛报》
From all the dresses, Mary finally picked a pink one for the party.
从所有的服装当中，玛丽挑选了一件粉红色的参加宴会。
From his manner of speaking I took him to be an Italian.
从他说话的样子看，我还以为他是个意大利人。
From our perch up there on top of the cliff we can see the whole town.
我们从悬崖顶上的高处能看到城市的全景。
From the description of these peasants, it may be seen that they are hospitable, cultivated and generous.
从这些描述中可以看出，这些农民都很好客、有修养，而且还很慷慨。
From the presence of so many people at the party, we can deduce that it is a welcomed one.
从参加聚会的人数之多我们可以看出，这次聚会是受人欢迎的。
From these outings he would return on Monday morning.
这次出门他将在星期一早上回来。
From two blocks over he could hear the thin wail.
他从两条街以外的地方就能听到那微弱的哭泣声。
From1986 to1987 I was teaching English training courses for students in international trade and mass communication.
1986年至1987年，我教过英语培训班，学员来自外贸和大众传播单位。
Froze me with one look.
这一瞥使我感到心寒
Fuel economic growth
拉动经济增长
Full of energy; lively.
精力充沛的；活泼的
Full of or resembling mire; swampy.
沼泽般的充满了淤泥的或似沼泽的；泥沼的
Fumble with
笨手笨脚地做
Funeral a lose art in the big city.
在大都会里，葬礼是一则已失传的的艺术。
Further to our letter of... we wish to inform you that...
续谈我方。。。月。。。日函，欣告。。。
Gail didn't bat an eyelid when Mark told her that he had crashed the car.
马克对盖尔说他把汽车撞坏了，她听了竟一点反应也没有。
Gallivant off
轻率出走，寻乐
Gang up with a group of unruly youths
跟一群不守规矩的青年混在一起
Gas up a car; gassed up before the trip.
给小汽车加油；在出发之前把油加好
Gathered the kittens into her arms.
把一群小猫拥入她的怀中
Gave him a crack at the job; took a crack at photography.
让他试着干这工作；试着从事摄影工作
Gave us a broad hint to leave.
作一个明白的暗示叫我们离开
General White was in command of the army.
怀特将军统率那个军队。
Generally speaking, mineral exploitation is a feast-or-famine industry.
一般来说，开矿这种事业不是大大成功便是彻底失败。
Generous in forgiving; eschewing resentment or revenge; unselfish.
表现高尚品德的宽宏大量的；消除怨恨和报复的；无私的
Genius may have its limitation, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
天才或许有其限度，惟愚昧则无此不利条件。
Geologist
地质学家
George has been had up for not paying maintenance to his ex-wife.
乔治因没有支付前妻的赡养费而被法庭受审。
George led them back to the right way.
乔治把他们领回到正路上来。
George was a fancy pants.
乔治是一个带娘娘腔的男人。
George, I will make an example of him.
我发誓，我一定要拿他惩一儆百。
German chemist. He won a1918 Nobel Prize for the synthetic production of ammonia.
哈伯，弗里兹1868－1934德国化学家，他因化学合成氨而获1918年诺贝尔奖
German writer who lived in Paris after1831. His romantic poems and social essays are marked by his love for the German land and people and derision for many modern German institutions.
海涅，亨利希1797－1856德国作家，自1831年之后生活在巴黎。他的浪漫主义诗歌及社会论文充满了他对自己祖国土地和人民的热爱，对众多德国现代研究机构的嘲笑
Get Sam to write that editorial. He haw what it takes.
请萨姆写那篇社论好了，他能胜任。
Get ahead by hard work
通过努力工作而获得成功
Get hold of
得到，获得
Get me a pillow.
给我一个枕头
Get off your backside and do some work!
别老坐著，干点儿实事！
Get out, don't shed crocodile tears to me; you know you are really glad they've met with misfortune.
走开，别在我面前假惺惺的了；你自己明白，对他们遭到不幸你是暗自高兴的。
Get the fall in the background, will you?
把瀑布拍进背景中去好吗？
Get to the point.
说出论点吧！
Get586, please.
请转586分机。
Gift Store
礼品店
Girls used to put their hair up on their seventeenth birthdays.
过去姑娘们总是在17岁生日那天将头发向上扎起。
Give an opinion; give an excuse.
表明意见；给一个借口
Give him another dose----then he'll fetch up.
再给他服一剂药，他就会苏醒过来了。
Give me a break.
饶了我吧。
Give me a place to stand and I will move the world.
给我一个支点，我会推动地球。
Give me some small note, please.
请给我一些小票子。
Give me your version of what happened.
封所发生的事我想听听你的说明。
Give my regards to Mary, John and by especial to Grandpa.
代我向玛丽、约翰，尤其向爷爷问好。
Give the baby her bottle; that'll keep her quiet for a while.
把瓶子给孩子，那就能让她安静一会儿。
Give the speaker a few minute to collect herself and then begin the programme
给演讲者几分钟集中思考一下，然後就开始这项节目。
Give your father my compliments the next time you see him.
下次你见到父亲时，请代我问候他。
Given that we do not have complete information about animal detection capabilities, we can only guess as to what the animals are actually sensing.
鉴于我们对动物的察觉能力没能完整的资料，对动物真正感觉到什么我们只有推测。
Given to recalcitrant behavior; willful or perverse.
顽固的，任性的好与人作对的；执拗的或故意作对的
Giving sufficient time, also we can do it well.
如给足够的时间，我们也能把它做好。
Glass set or made to be set in frames.
镶嵌用玻璃用来镶嵌框架的玻璃
Globules of wax fell from the candle.
蜡滴从蜡烛上淌下来。
Go ahead with your story, we are all ears.
再讲下去，我们洗耳恭听。
Go and help wash up at the sink.
到洗涤槽去帮忙洗碗盘吧！
Go away and don't come the old soldier in my pub again.
走开，别装穷光蛋再来我酒馆里讨喝的。
Go faster, by car or by plane.
走得更快，坐汽车或乘飞机。
Go on with your work, children!
孩子们，继续做作业吧！
Go right back to the beginning.
直接回到起始位置。
Go to ask why he had arrived late yesterday.
去问问他昨天为什么迟到了。
Go whither you please.
到你喜欢的任何地方去。
God blesses me with good health.
上帝赐予我健康的身体。
God is ashamed when the prosperous boasts of His special favour.
当富贵利达的人夸说他得到神的特别恩惠时，上帝却羞了。
God saved the fool, and did not let them run out, for if it be not for them, wise men can not get a living.
请上帝救助蠢人吧，请勿使他们绝种，因为要不是有他们，聪明人就无以为生啦。
God, I have had it with this job!
天啊！这种工作我真受够了！
Going out for a meal really made a hole in the week's money for food.
在外面吃了一餐的确花掉了这周的一大笔饭钱。
Gold reserve
黄金储备
Good God! You can't charge that much for apples at this time of the year!
天哪，你可不能在这个季节对苹果索那个价。
Good afternoon. This is Smith speaking.
下午好。我是史密斯。
Good evening. Two?
晚上好。两个人吗？
Good highways now link all the major cities and towns in Xizang.
西藏的主要城镇都由良好的公路连接了起来。
Good morning, David.
早上好，大卫。
Good news goes on crutches.
[谚]好事不出门。
Good quality jeans are only available on the black market in this city.
在这个城市，上乘的牛仔裤只有在黑市上才能买到。
Good work deserve good pay.
工作好应得到丰厚的报酬。
Good-bye!
再见！
Goodbye, denise, we'll miss you.
再见，丹尼斯。我们会想念你的。
Goods of that quality will never sell.
这样质量的商品绝对卖不出去。
Gorky had great sympathy for the poor and the down-trodden.
高尔基非常同情穷人和受蹂躏的人。
Got any idea about the movie?
知道这部电影吗？
Gotta go. Check you later.
得走了。以后再打电话给你。
Government funds and special charges of a tax nature
具有税收性质的政府性基金或专项性收费
Grade
等级
Gradually she learned to make a joke of all these hardships.
逐步地，她把这些困难都不当一回事了。
Grand duchess of Luxembourg. Ascending to the throne in1919, she took her government into exile during the Nazi occupation of Luxembourg and supported her people through regular radio broadcasts. She returned triumphantly in1945 and ruled until1984.
夏洛特卢森堡大公国的女君主，1919年登基王位，在纳粹占领卢森堡期间，她曾组织流亡政府并通过定期的电台广播支持国民的斗争。1945年胜利返回祖国，一直统治到1984年
Grandfather spends a lot of time in bed now; mind you, he is93!
祖父现在有很多时间都是在床上度过的，你要记得，他已经九十三岁了！
Grant to him a certain social success, but/still don't approve of him.
我承认他取得了某种社会成功，但我仍不赞许他这个人。
Grasses were moist with dew.
草被露水润湿了。
Great changes have come over the city.
该城发生了很大的变化。
Great personal dishonor or humiliation.
侮辱对个人名誉的重大损坏或对个人的侮辱
Great, that wrap our discussion up.
好，这就结束了我们的讨论。
Greece was the cradle of Western civilization.
希腊是西方文明的策源地。
Green vegetation that can serve as cover for deer. Used in English forest law.
绿色植被可以当作鹿的隐蔽物的绿色植被，用于英国森林法
Grief was mapped on his face.
他的脸上布满愁容
Grossly fat, extravagant, unfair, exaggerated
极胖的、奢侈的、不公平的、夸张的
Grouse will soon be in season again.
允许捕猎松鸡的时期又快到了。
Growth resulting from increase in cell size without cell division.
生长指由于细胞体积的增大而非细胞分裂而导致的生长
Guess how old I am?
你猜猜我有多大年龄？
Guests were crowded into the few remaining rooms.
把客人都挤在剩余的几个房间里了。
Gunpowder first came in in China.
中国首先使用火药。
Gynaecology is a branch of medicine.
妇科学是医学的一个分科。
Habitually and carefully neat and clean.
清洁的，干净的习惯性地、仔细地整洁和干净的
Had a mad time.
疯狂地玩乐
Had his back toward me.
把他的背对着我
Had such calamities occurred in old China, the damage would have been incalculable.
这样的灾害要是发生在旧中国，损失是无法估计的。
Had we made adequate preparations, we might have succeeded.
要是准备充分我们是可能成功的。
Hal used to sing in the cathedral choir until his voice broke.
哈尔在噪音变为成年人的之前一直在大教堂唱诗班唱歌。
Half of the vegetable freeze out in the sudden cold.
一半的蔬菜在突如其来的寒凉中冻死了。
Half the runners have been doped out.
有一半的赛马是服了药的。
Hall is at six.
食堂六时开饭。
Hammer at a typewriter
在打字机上打字
Hand the paintbrush up to Father on the ladder.
把漆刷递上去交给梯子上的父亲。
Handmade and hence expensive.
手工制造，因此很贵
Hang on, can we stick with that point about cubism?
等一等，我们可以继续谈谈关于立体主义的那个问题吗？
Hang your coat on the peg in the hall.
把你的外套挂在门厅里的钉子上。
Haply I may remember,
也许，我还能记得，
Happening, done, or appearing three times a week.
每周三次的一周发生、出现或做三次的
Happy birthday to an attractive, intellectual, sophisticated and all-round splendid person.
祝福一位美丽迷人，聪明大方，有教养又倍受赞叹的妙人儿，生日快乐！
Hard as steel is, it will bend or break under the action of a strong force.
钢虽然坚硬，但在强力的作用下，也会弯曲和断裂。
Hard work always takes your mind off domestic problems.
工作一劳累就使人不再想著家庭问题了。
Hardly had he left the house when the storm broke.
他刚离开这幢房子，暴风雨就来了。
Harmony or agreement of interests or feelings; accord.
和谐兴趣或感觉谐调或一致；和谐
Harry claims to be an anarchist but he's really only striking an attitude to be provocative.
哈里自称是一名无政府主义者，但是他实际上只是在装腔作势以引起人们的议论。
Harry was hurt by an allusion to his failure.
有人暗讽哈利的失败，使他受到伤害。
Harvested rich rewards.
收获丰富的报酬
Has anyone seen the old man this afternoon?
今天下午有人见到头头了吗？
Has he given back the tools he borrowed from you?
他向你借的那些工具归还了没有？
Has our studio been wired for sound yet?
我们演播室的音响设备装好了没有？
Has the builder presented his bill yet?
营造商把帐单送来了吗？
Has the ultimate diamond been found?
发现了最大的钻石了吗？
Haste does not bring success.
匆忙行事不会成功。
Hatred or mistrust of humankind.
憎恨世人或不信任人类
Have a care what you say or you may regret it.
当心你说的话，否则你可能会后悔的。
Have a lot of doubt, he can not help asking them question.
因为他有些疑问，他禁不住向他们提问。
Have a smoke?
抽烟吗？
Have another drink. It'll put hairs on your chest.
再来一杯，它会使你有男子汉气魄。
Have fun.
玩得开心。
Have no business to do sth.
没有做[说]某事的权利
Have pity on them.
可怜他们吧
Have somebody tell you about their divorce?
有人告诉你他们离婚的事了吗？
Have the train arrive when you get to the station?
你到车站时火车已经来了吗？
Have we enough firewood in for the coming week?
下星期用的木柴我们已备足了吗？
Have you any grey pullovers in stock?
你们有灰色套头毛衣的现货吗？
Have you anything to declare? Any wines, perfumes, silks?
你有什么东西要报关吗？有酒，有香水或是丝绸吗？
Have you been to the exhibition?
你参观展览会了没有？
Have you completed?
你完成了吗？
Have you ever been to Rome?
你去过罗马吗？
Have you ever thought about becoming a professional singer?
你曾想过要成为一名专业歌手吗？
Have you forgotten about that money I lent you last week?
你忘了上星期我借给你的钱了吧？
Have you get any idea about iron?
你知道铁是什么东西吗？
Have you got a free evening next week? If so, let's have dinner.
下周哪个晚上有空吗？要是有空，我们一块吃晚饭吧。
Have you got the papers there?
报纸在你那儿吗？
Have you hear anything about who's get transferred to where this time?
你有没有听到这次谁要被调动到什么地方？
Have you heard this good one?
你听说过这个好笑话吗？
Have you make your position clear?
你表明自己的观点了吗？
Have you pumped up the bicycle?
你给自行车胎打气了吗？
Have you read today's newspaper? There is a very good job opportunity.
你看今天的报纸了吗？有一个很好的就业机会。
Have you seen her new dress? It suits her down to the ground.
你见过她那套新衣裙吗？她穿上十分合体。
Have you sewn up the tear in my coat?
你把我大衣上那个撕破的口子缝起来了吗？
Have you telegraphed your father?
你已打电报给你父亲了吗？
Haven't seen hide nor hair of them since the argument.
自从那次争论后，我连他们的影子也没看到
Having a buoyant or self-confident air; brisk.
轻松活泼的满怀信心的或洋洋自得的；活泼的
Having a feeble or unsteady gait; shaky.
不稳的，虚弱的；摇晃的
Having a liver disorder; bilious.
有肝病的；胆汁病的
Having a sharp point or tip.
尖的，尖锐的有尖点或尖端的
Having a strong muscular body
身强体壮的；肌肉发达的
Having admiration for his conduct results in her love for him,
她十分钦佩他的为人，于是爱上了他。
Having an open-chain molecular structure rather than a ring-shaped structure.
无环的具有开链分子结构的，而非环状结构的
Having been modified or altered.
改变了的已经被更改或变更了的
Having cast off, she put down her needles.
收针完毕后，她放下了针。
Having eyes with greatly distended pupils.
眼珠暴突的具有带有膨大的瞳孔的眼睛的
Having great reverence for God; pious.
虔诚的敬神的；虔诚的
Having light brown or yellowish skin.
黄肤色的具有浅棕色或略带黄的皮肤的
Having made the necessary changes, he was satisfied that he had a team which would collectively handle the task.
经过一些必要的变动后，现在的小组成员将会齐心协力开展工作，他对此感到很满意。
Having no clothing on the body; nude.
裸体的没有衣服掩盖身体的；裸体的
Having no marked feeling for or against.
不偏不倚的没有明显的喜好或厌恶的
Having no residents; not inhabited.
无人居住的没有居民的；没有居住的
Having one or more distinguishing marks.
做标记的，有记号的有一个或多个明显记号的
Having or connected by a web.
有网的或由网联结的
Having or expressing a wish or longing.
渴望的，急切希望的有或表达希望或渴望的
Having or resembling nails or claws.
爪的有或类似指甲或爪的
Having paid off the pawnbroker, I now had my watch out of hock.
偿还了当铺老板的债，我赎回了自己的手表。
Having relatively great height; tall.
高的有较大高度的；高的
Having taken a bath in the raw in a cold mountain stream, we went to a village.
在冰冷的山间小溪胡乱洗个澡之后，我们就向一座村庄走去。
Having the color of ashes; pale.
色如土灰的；苍白的
Having the nature of a fad.
具有追求时尚的天性的
Having the same magnetic inclination or dip.
等磁倾的有相同的磁倾斜的
Having the teeth attached by their sides to the inner side of the jaw, as in some lizards.
有侧生齿的某些蜥蜴的颌中具有固定在侧部伸向内部的齿的
Having two axes.
双轴的有两个轴的
Having witnessed the accident I felt duty bound to make a statement to the police.
由于我亲眼目睹了那次事故，我觉得向警察陈述是义不容辞的。
He absconded from the bank with all the money.
他拿走了银行的全部现金，潜逃无踪。
He acknowledged it as true.
他承认它是真实的。
He acted his part to miracle.
他的表演出神入化。
He addressed her with high compliment.
他以非常恭维的话向她献殷勤。
He admitted to be in the house when the murder took place.
他承认在谋杀发生时他在住宅里。
He agonizes over every decision.
他对每一项决定都感到焦虑不安。
He aimed carefully and then let fly at the birds.
他仔细地瞄准，然后朝那些鸟儿射击。
He almost fell, but quickly recovered.
他几乎跌倒，但很快地就又站稳了。
He always cheats at cards; I never play with him.
他打牌老是作弊，我从来不和他一起打牌。
He always gets annoyed when I beat him at cards; he's a bad loser.
每当我打牌赢了他时，他总是很生气，他是个输不起的人。
He always makes careful note while he is reading.
当他阅读时，他总是仔细作笔记。
He always speaks ill of others.
他总是说人家坏话。
He always undertake more than he can do.
他总是尝试去做超出他能力所能做的事。
He and Pollitt never saw eye to eye.
他和波利特从来没有意见相同的时候。
He angrily flung up his head.
他怒气冲冲地昂起头来。
He answers me shortly.
他简略地回答我。
He applied for work at one of these farms.
他申请在其中一个农场工作。
He arranged his speech under four main heads.
他把发言内容归纳成四个主要方面。
He ascribes his success to skill and hard work.
他把成功归之于技巧加苦干。
He ask the conductor where he must get off for the zoo.
他问汽车售票员去动物园该在哪一站下车。
He asked for time to think all this over.
他要求给他点时间，把这一切仔细想一想。
He asked me to pep his drink up with something stronger.
他要求我在饮料中加一些烈性的东西，使它喝起来有劲儿。
He asked the tailor to make over his pants.
他请裁缝把他的裤子翻改了一下。
He asks me when I'd be free this week.
他问我这周何时有空。
He assist me with my income tax return.
他帮助我填写所得税申报单。
He ate up Nietzsche and degenerated into a fascist.
他接受了尼采的思想，堕落成法西斯分子。
He avenged himself on them.
他向他们进行报复。
He backed the car away so that we could get into the gate.
他把汽车退开，使我们能进入大门。
He banged the desk with his fist.
他用拳头在桌上砰地重击。
He beamed his approval of the new idea.
他微笑表示赞同这个新主意
He became a captive to her charms.
他被她的美色迷住了；他成为她美色的俘虏。
He beckoned me to come nearer.
他招手叫我走过去。
He began his works here at this time last year.
他是去年这个时候开始在这里工作的。
He begins to learn to want anything without difficulty.
他开始学会了失去任何东西都不耿耿于怀。
He believes his experiment has a sporting chance of success.
他相信他的实验有几分成功的机会。
He bent the bar back.
他把铁条弄弯了。
He bit the file to English obstinacy and broke his teeth.
他要打破英国人的顽固而折断了牙齿。
He blew the dust off.
他吹掉灰尘。
He blush to admit that he have make a ridiculous mistake.
他惭愧地承认自己犯了个可笑的错误。
He bothered me with a great many questions.
他对我提了一大堆问题，真烦。
He bought four tickets, which was one too many.
他买了四张票，多了一张。
He bounced into the room with a springy step.
他以轻快的跑步跳进房间。
He branched his treatment of the problem into three equal parts.
他把他的问题分成三个相等的部分处理。
He bricked up a wall.
他用砖砌起了一堵墙。
He broke into a cold sweat.
他突然出了一身冷汗。
He brood on his failure.
他思忖着他的失败。
He brought the plane down in a hay-meadow by the river.
他把飞机降落在河边的干草地上。
He bumbled through his speech.
他结结巴巴地讲完了他的演说。
He burst up when he heard the news.
听到那个消息他勃然大怒。
He buys me a book.
他买书给我。
He called himself an architect.
他把他自己叫做建筑师。
He calls to me.
他打电话给我。
He came down with$300 for the charity organization.
他捐了三百美元给慈善机构。
He came into possession of the house.
那楝房子落入他手中。
He came over and examined the picture.
他走过来仔细瞧了瞧这张画。
He came to the party, but didn't really enter into the spirit of it.
他前来参加聚会，但是并没有真正与大伙儿一起欢度时光。
He can be as sharp as any man when it's a question of business; but duty's another pair of shoes.
他做起生意来跟别人一样精明，但是承担责任就是另外一码事了。
He can drone on for hours about his pet subjects.
他能就他的宠物侃侃而谈几小时。
He can keep up until ten o'clock tonight.
今天晚上他能坚持到10点钟不睡。
He can not get a seat on Tuesday's plane, so he have to wait until Wednesday.
他买不到星期二的飞机票，只好等到星期三。
He can play many an instrument.
他能演奏好几种乐器。
He can scarcely write his own name.
他几乎连名字都写不出来了。
He can swim breaststroke, backstroke and crawl.
他会游蛙泳、仰泳和自由泳。
He can't be the wanted man.
他不会是那个被通缉的男子
He can't help; he's too taken up with his own problems.
他帮不了忙，他自己的事都应付不了。
He can't understand what has got into that child.
他不能理解是什么东西使这孩子着迷。
He cared nothing for boxing.
他对拳击没有兴趣。
He carry out a felonious act.
他犯了一个重罪。
He caught his feet up as if the floor burned his toes.
他突然提起双脚，好象地板烧痛了脚趾似的。
He certainly gave the impression that he was rather bored by his company.
他肯定给人这样一种印象：他被他的公司弄得烦死了。
He charted out the future of the city.
他清楚地规划了城市的未来。
He choked with rage.
他气得说不出话来。
He chucked the empty tins about.
他把这些空罐头盒到处乱扔。
He claims not to care what the critics say, but actually he's as pleased as Punch when one of his books is well received.
他声称不在乎评论家怎样评论他的作品，但实际上当有一本书受到好评时，他非常开心。
He cleverly fenced with the question.
他巧妙地避开该问题。
He closed in with his opponent.
他同自己的对手妥协了。
He collected a bundle of sticks.
他收集了一捆树枝。
He come home with two brace of rabbit in the bag.
他带著装有两对野兔的猎袋回家来了。
He comes across as someone who keeps on his words.
他看上去好像是一个说话算数的人。
He commanded that we attack at once.
他命令我们立即进攻。
He compare the girl to the moon in the poem.
他在诗中把那姑娘比作月亮。
He concluded not to come.
他决定不来了。
He considered all possible ways of improvement, running them over swiftly in his mind.
他考虑了各种可能的改进方法，并把这些方法在脑子里迅速地捉摸了一遍。
He continued in London.
他继续留在伦敦。
He cooked the pasta in a large pan of boiling water.
他用一大锅开水煮义大利面食。
He could have been a great man, but he was corrupted by power.
他本来是可以有很大作为的，但因权欲熏心而堕落了。
He could not fully understand these involved scholarly lectures.
这些艰深的学术讲演他不能完全听懂。
He could still go to Australia. That was something he'd often toyed with but never done anything positive about.
他还能去澳大利亚，他时常会有这样的念头，但从未采取过什么积极的步骤。
He couldn't keep down his anger.
他按捺不住自己的怒火。
He counted off three men to help with the job.
他选出3个从来帮助做这事。
He crammed all his clothes into the trunk.
他把他所有的衣服硬塞进皮箱。
He cries you mercy with all his heart.
他是诚心诚意地请你原谅。
He cut a casual figure in a job that paid$30, 000 a month.
他有一份月薪30，000元的工作，因此显得十分从容。
He cut his son off without a penny.
他完全剥夺了儿子的继承权。
He danced her out of the room.
他带着她舞出房间。
He dashed the cup to the floor.
他把茶杯摔在地板上。
He decided against going there.
他决定不去那儿了。
He decided to set the poem to music.
他决定把这首诗谱成曲。
He deliberated over the question before giving an answer.
他仔细思考了问题后才作出回答。
He demanded to be told everything.
他要求把一切都告诉他。
He derives strength from his Christianity.
他身为基督徒而从中获得力量。
He desired a college education.
他想受到大学教育。
He did a long stretch for attempted murder.
他因谋杀未遂罪坐了很长时间的牢。
He did it so as not to be caught.
他这么做以防被抓住。
He did not easily mix with others, with the result that on most social occasions he was the old man out.
他不善于同他人相处，因而在多数社交场合中他总是落落寡合的。
He did not quite know what to say that would fit the circumstances.
在这种场合，他不太知道说什么才合适。
He did off his uniform.
他脱掉制服。
He didn't answer my question.
他没回答我的问题。
He didn't get up since he was in hospital.
自他住院就一直躺在床上。
He didn't mean to deceive you, he just said so for fun.
他并不是存心要骗你，他这样讲只是开开玩笑。
He didn't say anything--he just gave a grunt of agreement.
他什么也没说只是哼了一声表示同意。
He didn't want to be tied down to the social work.
他不想被束缚在社会工作上。
He died during the night.
他在夜里去世了。
He dipped his pen into the ink.
他把钢笔浸入墨水中。
He discussed it knowingly.
他像什麽都懂似地谈论那件事。
He disputes even the facts.
他甚至连事实都要争辩。
He divided his time evenly between work and play.
他把时间一半花在工作上，一半用於娱乐。
He do not hesitate to ask her to sit beside him.
他毫不犹豫地请她坐在他身旁。
He do not want any special make.
他不想要什么特别式样的。
He does everything his wife says; She really leads him by the nose.
他对妻子惟命是从，确实被妻子牵着鼻子走的。
He does not look fifty by any manner of means.
他看上去一点不像50岁的人。
He does the odd job for me from time to time.
他偶尔来为我做些零碎的工作。
He doesn't feel up to the job.
他不能胜任这项工作。
He doesn't mind splashing his money about.
他对挥霍钱财毫不在意。
He doesn't usually carry much money on him.
他通常身边不带很多钱。
He dragged his tired feet slowly along.
他拖着疲倦的步子慢慢地走着。
He draw on his cigarette and blow out a stream of smoke.
他吸了一口香烟，吐出来一股烟雾。
He drew a straight line on the paper.
他在纸上画了一条直线。
He drew on his gloves, picked up his umbrella and went out.
他戴上手套，拿起雨伞走了出去。
He drives like a maniac.
他象疯子似地开车。
He drove his car running at the post.
他开车向电线杆冲去。
He drove the nail in for fear it would hurt anyone.
由于担心这个钉子伤人，他把它钉了进去。
He dusted her eyes with beautiful language.
他用花言巧语蒙骗了她。
He earns fifty dollars a day.
他每天赚五十美元。
He edged along the cliff.
他沿着峭壁侧身移动。
He employed a man in a work.
他雇佣一个人做一件工作。
He ended off his talk with a joke.
他以笑话结束了他的讲话。
He entered into the spirit of the game.
他融入了这场比赛的气氛中。
He escaped more lightly than he has expected.
他比他所预料的更轻易地逃脱了。
He excused himself from the meeting.
他推辞说不能参加会议了。
He explained the background to the claim.
他解释了这项请求的来龙去脉。
He expresses himself in good clear English.
他用正确而清晰的英语表达自己的意思。
He failed his driving test five times.
他考驾驶执照五次都没及格。
He fall asleep over the book.
他看着书睡着了。
He fastened on his sword.
他紧紧抓住剑。
He feel it his duty to help others.
他意识到帮助别人是他的责任。
He fell and broke his leg.
他折断了一根树枝。
He fell from his word.
他没有实践自己的诺言。
He fell off the bus and fractured his left leg.
＂他从公共汽车上下来时跌了一跤，左腿骨折了。＂
He fell while he skied down the hill but he regained his feet quickly.
他滑雪下坡时摔了一跤，但他很快就站了起来。
He felt he could never express what he was feeling.
他觉得总没法表达出他的感情。
He felt miserable about his failure.
他对自己的失败感到悲哀。
He felt that his boss would throw him to the lions if anything went wrong.
他意识到要是出了什么差错，老板会让他去做替罪羊。
He fenced off the blow.
他挡开了这一击。
He finally break down under the four-hour's strain.
在四小时的压力下他终于支持不了。
He find country life preferable to living in the city.
他感到在乡村生活比在城市生活要好些。
He finds it hard to mix at parties.
他感到很难在聚会上与人攀谈。
He fired but his pistol failed to go off.
他试图开枪，但没有打响。
He fished in his pocket for the key.
他搜囗袋想找出钥匙。
He flew down the street.
他沿街飞奔而去。
He flings his money about on expensive luxuries.
他乱花钱买一些昂贵的奢侈品。
He flung into the room.
他冲进房间。
He folded his arms and lowered down his head as usual before he was in deep thought.
＂跟平常一样在他陷入沉思之前他把双臂交叉起来，低下了头。＂
He forgives easily.
他容易原谅别人。
He found a good place in the rocks, more than twelve feet high, with a narrow entrance.
他在岩石里找了一个好地方，十二英尺多高，有一个狭小的入口。
He found the boredom scarcely endurable.
他觉得这种厌烦难以忍受
He fumed with rage because she did not appear.
因为她没出现，所以他大发雷霆。
He gave a gasp of surprise.
他惊讶得屏住了气。
He gave a wrench to his ankle when he jumped down.
他跳下去的时候扭伤了足踝。
He gave full particulars of the stolen property.
他详细列出全部被盗的财物。
He gave in when he was threatened with torture.
他在受到严刑威胁时投降了。
He gave me a sour look.
他愠怒地看了我一眼。
He gave much attention and thought to bring up his children.
他在教育孩子方面花了大量的心血。
He gave the little boy a clout on the head.
他在那小男孩的头部打了一下。
He gave vent to his feelings in an impassioned speech.
在一篇充满激情的演说里吐露了心声。
He get home late because of the heavy traffic.
他回家晚是因为交通拥挤之故。
He gets a work that gives scope for his abilities.
他得到了一份有机会发挥他才能的工作。
He gets tight every pay-day.
他每一个发薪日都喝得烂醉。
He give a strangle cry and fall to the floor.
他发出一声受扼的叫喊，随即倒在地板上。
He give up french so as to take up English.
他放弃法语课，选读英语课。
He glimpsed at my new watch and said it was a good bargain.
他看了一眼我的新表，说买得很上算。
He go there to drink a soda and eat a hamburger.
他到那里喝一瓶汽水和吃一块汉堡面包。
He goes by the name of Smith, but I don't know when he really is.
他名叫史密斯，但我不知道他到底是谁。
He got a cropper yesterday while out riding.
他昨天出外骑马时跌了一跤。
He got an application in under the wire.
他在截止日期前交了申请书。
He got his equipment tangled with the aeroplane in some way, and plunged to his death.
他的器材因某种原因与飞机绞在一块，他因此被困死在那里。
He got injured through his own carelessness.
他由於自己不小心而受伤。
He got off with a small fine.
他交了一小笔罚款了事。
He got so wound up in the play that his family hardly saw him.
他对演这出戏都着迷了，他家里的人几乎都见不着他。
He got three years in prison.
他被判处三年徒刑。
He grab at the boy, but can not save him from falling.
他想抓住那男孩儿，然而那孩子还是跌倒了。
He grasped me by the arm.
他抓住我的手臂。
He ground his fist into his opponent's face.
他用拳头使劲地挤压对方的脸。
He had a blowout and crashed his car.
他的车胎爆裂，汽车撞坏了。
He had a hard time holding on to himself.
他好不容易才把自己控制住。
He had a row with his wife.
他跟太太大吵了一架。
He had all his capital locked up in the business.
他把全部的资金投入那事业。
He had been bumming around the park all day.
他在公园里荡了一整天了。
He had been puzzling all day for the answer to the last clue in the crossword and was about to tear his hair out when his wife told him the correct answer.
他整整一天都在为能解答纵横填字的最后一个迷而苦思，就在他几乎已是集躁不安的时候，他妻子告诉他正确的答案。
He had considered everything except the weather.
＂他什么都想过，唯独没考虑到天气。＂
He had fliers run off and distributed to all the newspapers in the district.
他把传单印了出来，分发给这个地区所有的报纸。
He had his left arm injured trying to save a comrade.
他在援救一个同志时左臂受了伤。
He had lost interest in the football match but decided to see it through.
他对这场足球比赛已不感兴趣，但还是决定看到终场。
He had no money and didn't know anyone he could borrow from.
他没有钱，也不知道他可以向任何人借。
He had nothing to say.
他没有什么可说的了。
He had proved that he could be relied on in a crisis.
他已表明，在紧要关头他是可以依赖的。
He had the advantage over other boys of being born into a rich family.
他与其他男孩相比的有利条件是出生在一个有钱的家庭。
He had to appear before the committee to explain his behaviour.
他必须亲自向委员会解释他的行为。
He had to lie down for a while to rest his legs.
他得躺下一会儿让腿休息一下。
He had traveled widely and knew a thing or two about the Far East.
他去过很多地方，对远东的情况颇为熟悉。
He hammered home the points he wanted to convey.
他把所要传达的重点讲得非常透彻。
He harangue his fellow student and persuade them to walk out.
他对他的同学慷慨陈词说服他们罢课。
He has a big heart.
他心胸宽阔。
He has a dual interest in the football team; he's the trainer and his son plays for them.
他跟那个足球队有双重关系，他是足球队教练，他的儿子是队员。
He has a good memory.
他记忆力好。
He has a large amount of mail to answer every day.
他每天有大量的信件要回复。
He has a lot of trouble with his lessons; now he is trying to pull out.
他的课程有很多困难，现在他正在设法摆脱。
He has a poor presence.
他的风度不好。
He has a strange influence over the girl.
他对这女孩有出奇的影响力。
He has a very small room and most of the space is taken up by a grand piano.
他有一个非常小的房间，里面放着一架大钢琴，占去了一大半地方。
He has already eaten three cakes and is starting on the fourth.
他已经吃完三块糕点，现在开始吃第四块了。
He has an eye to the position.
他很想得到那个职位。
He has attained full age now.
他现在已成年了。
He has been beforehand with me.
他赶在我前面了。
He has been in practice for twenty years.
他已有20年的实践经验。
He has been poking in again trying to find things out.
他又闯了进来，想要了解情况。
He has been writing to us off and on for several years.
他断断续续地给我们写信已经有好几年了。
He has come down in life. He used to be treated as a VIP but is now ignored.
他的社会地位已跌落，以往他被当作一个大人物，但现在被忽视了。
He has cut his hair.
他自己理了发。
He has done the quarter in50".
他以五十秒跑了四分之一哩。
He has fallen in my estimation.
他在我心目中的声望下降了。
He has found them to be somewhat lacking in emotional depth; skirting round problems rather than meeting them head on.
他发现他们之间感情不深，谈话时老是绕圈子，而不是直接接触问题。
He has gone wiggle-waggle and cannot be persuaded to categorical.
他犹豫不决，无法劝他持明确的态度。
He has great power and wealth, but is still unhappy for all that.
他有钱有势，可尽管如此却并不快乐。
He has heard that one is permit a certain latitude with widow, and goes in for the whole180 degrees.
他听说过人是有一定的自由（纬度）与寡妇来往的，于是乎他就追求180度的全部自由去了。
He has instant recall.
他记忆力强。
He has lined his pockets on the new school contract.
他利用新建学校工程的发包发不义之财。
He has lost his voice.
他嗓子倒了。
He has magnetic personality.
他有吸引人的个性。
He has need to exercise daily.
他必须每天锻炼。
He has no experience at all. I could do his work with my eyes closed.
他一点经验也没有。他的工作我做可以不费吹灰之力。
He has no notion what I mean.
他完全不明白我的意思。
He has not body enough to cover his mind decently; his intellect is improperly exposed.
他没有足够的肉体来大大方方地遮掩其精神；他的才智突出得不像样子。
He has now tasted of failure.
他现在尝到了失败的滋味。
He has picked up some bad habits at that club.
他在那个俱乐部里染上了一些坏习惯。
He has put all his money into business.
他将所有的钱都投资于生意了。
He has retired on a pension.
他领养老金退休。
He has slowed down a lot since his heart attack.
自从发过心脏病以后，他动作迟钝得多了。
He has stopped working now, and leads a very easy life.
他现在已经不再工作，过着很安适的生活。
He has the inside track in the election because his father was so well known and admired.
他在竞选中处于有利地位，因为他父亲非常出名而又受人钦佩。
He has told a story which sound not objective.
他讲了听起来不真实的一个故事。
He has very sternly admonished student.
他十分严厉地训诫了学生。
He has written off a description of the terrible event.
他很快地写好一篇文章，描写这一可怕的事件。
He hasn't got over his fatigue yet.
他的疲劳还没有恢复。
He hated being flattered.
他讨厌别人奉承他。
He haunts bars.
他常上酒吧。
He have a habit of sunbathe for two hours a day.
他习惯每天做两小时日光浴。
He have a6% rise in january.
一月份他的工资增加了6％。
He have come for a month.
他来了一个月了。
He have go to buy a book.
他出去买书了。
He have more English book than she.
他的英语书比她的多。
He have on excess of assets over liability.
他的资产大于其他负债。
He have several bottle more than the duty- free allowance and so we charge duty.
对于他携带的超出免税品限额的那几瓶酒，他按规定必须纳税。
He have to go home because of family obligation.
出于对家庭的责任，他不得不回家。
He headed a crowd off from the wrong exit.
他上前阻止人群从错的出口出去。
He hears badly in one ear.
他有－只耳朵听力很差。
He held off his departure until his sister had come.
他推迟行期直到他妹妹来后才走。
He helped them draw conclusions from their experiences.
他帮他们从经历的事情中得出结论[总结经验]。
He hinted darkly that we had not heard the last of the matter.
他带着威胁的口吻暗示我们的事情还没完[他还不肯就此罢休]。
He hit me smack in the face.
他啪一声打了我的脸。
He hold on to my arm with a tenacious grip.
他紧紧抓住我的手臂不放。
He hooked up a big fish.
他钓起了一条大鱼。
He hopped up the motor.
他给马达增了压。
He hurried past me without stopping.
他匆忙从我身边走过，连停都没停。
He ignored his wife's plea, to stop picking on his daughter and lifted his hand to settle her whit a blow.
他不顾妻子让他不再责备女儿的乞求；举起手打了她一个耳光。
He improved on his previous performance by swimming the distance in less than a minute.
他以不到一分钟的时间游完这段距离，从而刷新了他以前的成绩。
He informed me of your decision.
他把你的决定告诉了我。
He insisted on seeing us home.
他一定要送我们回家。
He intend to do the work.
他打算做这工作。
He interspersed the text with explanatory diagrams.
他给本文配置了解说用的图表。
He is British by birth although he was born in America.
他虽然生在美国，但父母是英国人。
He is a bicycle doctor.
他是单车修理工。
He is a capital knife and fork.
他是个胃口极好的人。
He is a dishonor, to his family.
他成了他家的耻辱。
He is a friend in word as well as in deed.
他是个言行如一的朋友。
He is a good sailor.　
他不会晕船。
He is a lazy devil and keeps his talent in a napkin, with his ability and a little energy he could set the Thames on fire.
他是一个懒鬼，把天资埋没了。只要发挥出他的才干，再加上一点干劲，他可以干出一番惊天动地的大事来。
He is a man of backbone.
他是有毅力的人。
He is a man of some influence in the government circles.
他是个在政府内有一定势力的人。
He is a mellifluent preacher.
他是一位言词流畅的布道家。
He is a persevering student.
他是个有恒心的学生。
He is a proper object of charity.
他是施舍的适当对象。
He is a scholar in name only.
他只是个名义上的学者。
He is a student.
他是学生。
He is a tremendous eater.
他是个食量极大的人。
He is a woman in tenderness.
他温柔得象女人。
He is accredit to the united nation.
他被任命为联合国大使。
He is acting an old man.
他正扮演一个老人。
He is all skin and bones.
他瘦得只有皮包骨。
He is always going to the beach because likes to swim a good deal.
他总是跑海边，因为他非常喜欢游泳。
He is always smoking.
他一天到晚吸烟。
He is an artist to his fingertips.
他是个十足的艺术家。
He is an intelligent boy, but he is very unsure of himself.
他是个聪明的孩子，却封自己很没有信心。
He is apt to retire into himself.
他往往不声不响地发愣。
He is ashamed of his behavior.
他为他的行为感到惭愧。
He is awkward in his gait.
他的步态不雅观。
He is bent on winning at all costs.
他决心不惜一切去争取胜利。
He is booked on the09.00 flight to zurich.
有人为他预订了一张上午９点飞往苏黎世的机票。
He is busy weeding.
他正忙于除草。
He is cast in his father's mold.
他长得和他父亲一模一样。
He is clumsy with tools.
他不擅于使用工具。
He is considered to be a hypocrite.
人家认为他是一个伪君子。
He is credited with the invention.
这个发明是他的功劳。
He is delayed because his taxi has an accident.
由于他的出租车出了故障，他被耽误了。
He is dismissed for neglecting of duty.
他因玩忽职守而被开除了。
He is eager in investigating the cause of the earthquake.
他很热心地调查这次地震的起因。
He is eminent among scientists.
他在科学家中是闻名的。
He is exceeding the speed limit.
他超过了时速限制。
He is financially embarrassed.
他陷於财政上的困难。
He is forever complaining.
他总是在埋怨。
He is from Germany.
他是德国人。
He is getting on for70.
他已经近70了。
He is going the pace and his property will soon run out.
他生活奢侈，财富很快就会花光。
He is great on science fiction.
他很喜欢科幻小说。
He is heavy on us.
他待我们十分严厉。
He is ill in bed.
他卧病在床。
He is in consultation and cannot come to the phone.
他在商议事情，抽不出身接电话。
He is in the secondhand car trade.
他是从事旧汽车贸易行当的。
He is intolerant of heresy.
他不容异端邪说。
He is killed in an accident in the first flush of manhood.
他正当盛年时在一次事故中丧生。
He is liberal in his views.
他对事物的看法豁达。
He is looking directly at us.
他直盯着我们看。
He is lying on the bed.
他躺在床上。
He is mild of manner.
他态度温和。
He is my one and only friend.
他是我唯一的朋友。
He is no child.
他绝不是个孩子
He is none the wiser.
他一点也没有更了解。
He is not afraid to speak out his mind.
他不怕把自己的想法谈出来。
He is not down yet.
他还没有下来。
He is not made for climbing the tree of knowledge.
他不是生来适于攀登知识之树的。
He is not so strong as I.
他没有我那样强壮。
He is now brought to ruin, but he has seen better days.
他现在是破产了，但是他以前是阔过的。
He is of a clinging sort.
他是那种老要依靠人家的人。
He is on a lone fun run, nothing to do with the race.
他自己跑著玩的，和竞赛无关。
He is one of the leading brains in the country.
他是国家的知识分子精英。
He is out in the rain and catches a chill.
他在外面淋了雨，著了凉。
He is pensioned off and replaced with a younger man.
他被迫退休，由一年轻人接替其职务。
He is possessed by some evil idea.
他被某种邪念迷住了心窍。
He is proud as a peacock when he passes his driving test.
他通过了驾驶执照考试之后洋洋自得。
He is quite capable of running the department alone.
他完全能够独立管理这个部门。
He is really a good onion.
他真是个大好人。
He is repugnant to me.
我很讨厌他。
He is sacked after being late for work.
因上班迟到他被解雇。
He is seemingly following us.
他似乎在跟随着我们。
He is sharp with his children.
他对孩子们很严厉。
He is skipping out of town to get away from the cops.
他匆匆出城，以免落在警察手里。
He is so selfish that he always places himself before his fellows.
他非常自私，总是将自己看得比别人重要。
He is still completely in the dark about the matter.
这个问题在他心中还是漆黑一团。
He is studying accountancy or he is an accountancy student.
他正在学习会计学或他是一名会计专业的学生。
He is sure to come tomorrow.
他明天保险会来。
He is temperate in eating.
他在吃方面很节制。
He is the fifth person to ask me the question.
他是第五个问我这个问题的人了。
He is the justice of the peace that jug me for a vagrant.
他就是把我作为游民关进牢房的治安法官。
He is the only witness of the accident.
他是那桩意外事故的唯一目击者。
He is the very man I wish to see!
他就是我要见的人！
He is thought to be a scholar in the village.
在村里，人们把他看作是位“秀才＂。
He is too proud now to be seen with his former friends.
他现在忘乎所以了，觉得跟以前的朋友在一起有失他的脸面。
He is traveling in Africa.
他正在非洲旅行。
He is trying to wangle his way onto the committee.
他千方百计想钻入委员会中。
He is understood to have left the country.
据了解他已离开这个国家。
He is used to the soft climate of the south.
他习惯于南方温暖的气候。
He is very ill, and is not expect to last the night.
他病得厉害，估计拖不过今夜。
He is waiting for a bus which goes to the zoo.
他在等去动物园的公共汽车。
He is wedded to his own opinion and nothing can change him.
他固执已见，什么也不能使他改变。
He is without dispute, an honest man.
他的确是个诚实的人。
He is wrestling with his adversary.
他正在同对手摔跤。
He jabbed his fork into meat.
他把他的叉子戳入肉中。
He joined the firm as a junior clerk, and finished up a director.
他从初级职员做起，最终成了这家公司的董事。
He judged the distance to a nicety.
他判断距离很正确。
He just dug out, without saying where he was going.
他只是匆匆忙忙走了，没说要去哪里。
He just sat there, twiddling his fingers.
他只是闲坐在那里，捏弄自己的手指头。
He keeps an apiary.
他有一个养蜂场。
He keeps the letter of the law but not the spirit.
他遵守法律的字面条文，而不是其精神实质。
He kept banging away at his work day by day, until eventually the project was finished.
他天天孜孜不倦地埋头苦干，直到工程竣工为止。
He kept on sending me$20 every Christmas long after his debt was paid. That's gratitude for you!
偿清了欠债之后，他长久以来一直在每个圣诞节寄给我20美元钱。他这是为了表达他的感激之情啊！
He kicked a goal.
他踢进一球。
He kissed off their objections with a wave of his hand.
他手一挥，就拒绝了他们的反对意见。
He knew nothing about investment; he just it went it blind.
他对投资一窍不通，只是瞎搞一气罢了。
He knocked me on the head and blow stupefied me.
他给我当头一击，把我打得不省人事。
He know it's inconvenient, but he want to go anyway.
他知道很不方便，但是他无论如何想要去。
He knows no English, to say nothing of French or German.
他连英语都不懂，更不用说法语和德语了。
He lacks common sense.
他没有常识。
He laid off his sweat suit on a bench and went into the shower room.
他把球衫裤往长凳上一放就到淋浴室去了。
He later journeyed through the isle of Lemnos whose bold and heartless females, earlier, had slaughtered every male upon the island;
他在那些大胆而残忍的妇女把所有她们的男子杀死之后，曾经在雷姆诺岛旁边经过。
He lay down on the sofa and soon fell asleep.
她躺在沙发上很快就睡著了。
He leads his class in physics.
在物理方面他在全班数第一。
He learned technical skills by trial and error.
他通过不断摸索掌握技能。
He leaves his office job to try to make a living on the land.
他辞去了办公室的工作，改以务农为生。
He led his life, pinching and scraping.
他省吃俭用地过日子。
He left early, leaving his friends to pay the score.
他提前走掉，让朋友们来替他付帐。
He left me a small legacy in a nuncupative will, as a token of his kindness to me.
他囗头遗言上遗留给我一点小小遗产作为他对我关爱的表徵。
He left when the band began to beat out pop music.
乐队一奏起流行音乐他就走了。
He let me down at the last minute and turned out to be a broken reed.
他在紧急关头拆了我的台，成了背信弃义的人。
He lift up his little son, and mounted him on the horse.
他把小儿子举起来，让他骑在马背上。
He likes architecture.
他喜欢建筑。
He likes to be praised.
他喜欢（受到）表扬。
He likes to read deeply in any subject that he chooses to study.
他喜欢深入研读他所选定的任何一门学科。
He listened politely for ten minutes and then launched out.
他彬彬有礼地听了十分钟，然后训起人来了。
He lived for adventure.
他平生喜欢冒险。
He lived to see his grandchildren.
他活到在有生之年看到孙儿辈。
He lives directly opposite the church.
他住在教学的正对面。
He lives on the far bank of the river.
他住在老远的河对岸。
He longed to vent on George all the spite he felt against his former associates.
他很想把自己对过去同事的怨恨发泄在乔治身上。
He looked astonished.
他显出惊异的样子。
He looked at the man with a tranquil eye.
他以平静的眼神看着那个男人。
He looked like Nature's error.
他看起来像个怪物。
He looked suspiciously at everyone who got off the plane.
他怀疑地看着走下飞机的每一个人。
He looked, and indeed was, tired.
他看来疲倦了，的确是疲倦了。
He looks down at the gape void at his feet.
他看著脚下张开的裂缝。
He looks ten years younger.
他看起来年轻了10岁。
He loses his balance and fall to the grind.
他失去平衡，摔倒在地。
He lost his balance and measured out his length on the ground.
他失去了平衡，在地上跌了个四爪朝天。
He lost the use of both legs in the accident.
他在事故中双腿丧失了功能。
He loves to have everything his own way.
他无论什么事情都爱按照自己的想法去做。
He made a conservative guess at the population of London.
他对伦敦的人口作了一项保守的估计。
He made a low bow to the judge.
他向法官深深一鞠躬。
He made a speech hitting out at racial discrimination.
他做了一次猛烈抨击种族歧视的讲演。
He made an undisguised attack.
他公然予以攻击。
He made his horse show his paces.
他让他的马展示其步态。
He made no mention of this.
他没有提到这一点。
He made the ice twirl in his glass.
他使他杯中的冰块旋转。
He made up for the part of an old man.
他化装扮演一个老头儿。
He makes a face at the taste of the soup.
尝了尝汤的味道，他做了一个鬼脸。
He makes an inspire speech at the meeting.
他在会上作了个鼓舞人心的讲话。
He makes several business visits to American every year.
他每年都要为商务到美国去几次。
He managed to cash in only after overcoming one difficulty after another.
他克服了一个又一个的困难以后才得脱身。
He marched on the stage.
他大胆地走上了舞台。
He may be rich for aught I know.
他也许有钱但我一无所知。
He may have go downtown.
他可能上闹市区去了。
He may work in a hotel.
可能在旅馆工作。
He memorized the sales talk which he hoped would bring in large orders.
他把他希望能带一大批订货单的宣传文字背了下来。
He met the foreign friends and gave a banquet in their honour.
他会见了外国朋友，并设宴招待了他们。
He missed the bus and was out of luck because he didn't get to the ball game on time.
他误了公共汽车，运气不好，因为他没准时赶上球赛。
He most lives who lives most for others.
活着多为他人，活得最有意义。
He moves in very rarefied circles; his friends are all lords.
他活动于上流阶层，结交的尽是贵族。
He must be raking in￡500 a week!
他肯定一个星期挣五百镑！
He must have come this way, here are his footprints.
他走的一定是这条路，这里有他的脚印。
He must know more than he will admit--I think he's holding out on us.
他了解的情况一定比他承认的要多，我认为他在对我们隐瞒。
He mustn't have known it.
他一定是不知道这件事。
He needed all his charm to persuade her he was right.
他需要使出浑身解数来叫她相信他的话。
He needs some time to take the situation in.
他需要一些时间来弄清形势。
He never boasted of his cleverness.
他未曾夸耀过自己的聪明。
He never does his homework himself, he just copies his brother's.
他自己从来不做作业，只会抄袭他哥哥的。
He never lets anyone come between him and his daily work.
他从来不让人来打扰他的日常工作。
He never remembered having come across a man like that.
他怎么也记不起碰到过这样一个人。
He never think what others think about him.
他从来考虑别人对他的看法。
He not only gleans up all the bad comments of other authors, but makes new bad comments of his own.
他不仅收集了所有其他作家的不好的评论，而且自己还做出了新的坏评论。
He obeyed. He made a furrow in the ground, and planted the teeth, destined to produce a crop of men.
他遵命行事，挖了一条垄，把龙牙洒在其中，天意决定了这些牙会滋生出一茬人。
He of ten neglects his health.
他常疏忽自己的健康。
He offered to lend me his bike.
他主动提出要把自行车借给我。
He often dreams about his days in the countryside.
他常梦见在乡下的那些日子。
He often suffers from allergies due to foods that do not agree with him.
他往往由于吃了不合适的食物而发生过敏症。
He only had six apples.
他只有六个苹果。
He opened the newspaper and a terrible news leaped out at him.
他打开报纸；一条可怕的消息跃然映入了他的眼帘。
He ordered ten cases of beaujolais and twenty cases of muscat.
他订了十箱博若莱葡萄和二十箱麝香葡萄酒。
He originally should help her.
他本应该帮助她。
He owed me a huge sum of money. I was given the address of a flat in New York where he was living, but when I got there the bird had flown.
他欠我一笔巨款。我获悉他当时在纽约一套公寓房间的住址，可是当我赶到那儿时他已逃之夭夭。
He owns land.
他拥有地产。
He paid it back out of his earning.
他用挣的钱把它偿还了。
He panted out the message.
他上气不接下气地说出此事。
He passed the examination with flying colors.
他考试中取得了优异成绩。
He pauses a moment at the foot of a tree to take his bearings.
他在一棵树下面停了下来，以便判明自己的方位。
He performed the trick in full view of the whole audience.
他在全体观众都看得见的情况下变魔术。
He picked a winning number on the first draw.
他第一次便抽到一个中奖号码。
He picked up the girl at a college disco.
他在学校的迪斯科舞会上偶然结识了那姑娘。
He placed the book on the desk.
他将书放在书桌上。
He plants the seeds in earth.
他把种子种在泥土里。
He played the field academically.
他在学术上涉猎广泛。
He plays the violin for the fun of it.
她拉小提琴只是为了好玩。
He plumped for the Liberal candidate.
他投了自由党候选人的票。
He poked his finger in.
他把手指伸进去。
He possibly from Jack hears there.
他可能从杰克那里听说的。
He praised the woman to the skies.
他对这位女士大为称赞。
He prefers to go where he can serve the people.
他宁愿到能为人民服务的地方去。
He pretended that he did not mind.
他装出不在乎的样子。
He probed the swelling anxiously with his finger.
他很担心地用手指触摸肿处。
He promised to hurry on with the report and send it to us today.
他答应赶紧写好报告，今天就给我们送来。
He proudly pointed out the biggest sheep, which already weighed50 kilograms.
他骄傲地把最大的一只羊指给我们看，它已经有50公斤重了。
He pulled his hat down over his eyes.
他把帽子压低遮住眼睛。
He punished them for talking.
他因为他们讲话而惩罚他们。
He pushed several other runners to get to the front so it was poetic justice when he tripped and fell.
他把另外几名跑垒者推上场而自己却绊倒了，因此这对他来说是一种理想的赏罚。
He put all his redundancy money into a shop.
他把所有剩余资金都投入了一家商店。
He put his great foot on the flowerbed.
他的大脚踩在花坛上。
He put it too sharply.
他说的话太艮。
He put plug in his ear because the noise was too loud.
因为太吵闹了，他用耳塞堵住了耳朵。
He put the telephone bill down as a business cost.
他把电话费用作为办公费记下。
He puts me in mind of a comrade in my army unit.
他使我想起了我们部队的一位同志。
He quickly run up a bill for￡250.
他很快就欠了２５０英镑的债。
He quoted his own experiences in India.
他提到了他在印度的经历。
He raised his price unfairly.
他不当地抬高价钱。
He ran and never had a price.
他跑动着，可是老是没机会。
He ran his eyes down the advertisement.
他把他的眼睛顺着广告栏往下扫视。
He ran rather than walked.
更确切地说，他是跑而不是走。
He ran up and jumped a long distance.
他助跑，然后起跳，跳的很远。
He raped to it right away.
他马上领会了。
He reached after fame.
他追求名声。
He read the article through twice.
他把那篇文章通读了两遍。
He reads well.
他朗读好。
He received a laissez-passer enabling him to leave the country.
他获得了一张护照使他能离开这国家。
He recited the whole of The Ancient Mariner to us off the reel.
他一口气把《古水手吟》从头到尾都背诵出来了。
He reeked of alcohol.
他身上有酒的臭味。
He refused to break bread with his old enemy.
他拒绝与他昔日仇人共餐。
He refuses to make up his mind.
他拒绝做出决定。
He reiterated his position that nuclear weapons can not be used as international bargaining chip.
他一再重申他的立场，认为核子武器不可以用来当作国际谈判的筹码。
He remembered a particularly bad patch struck at the beginning of his career.
他想起了事业刚起步时所度过的那段极其困难的时期。
He repaired his house.
他修理了他的房子。
He reported on the whole event to the minister.
他把整个事件向部长做了汇报。
He rescued a drowning child holding on to a plank.
他救起了一个紧紧抓住一块木板的溺水的孩子。
He rested a curious gaze on the strange woman.
他好奇地盯着那个怪异的女人看。
He returned to his lodging with his head full of castle in the air.
他脑袋里装载着空中楼阁回到了寄宿处。
He ripped the buttons from the shirt.
他把纽扣从衬衣上扯了下来。
He rolled out the words, so that everyone could hear.
他话音洪亮，因此每个人都能听得见。
He roughed in the curves he intended his pattern to take.
他粗略地勾出了他设想中图案的曲线。
He rubbed the ointment on.
他擦上了药膏。
He runs a ranch in Laramie.
他在拉腊米经营牧场。
He rushed his fences and failed again.
他匆忙行事而又一次失败。
He said he could not bear me to be unhappy.
他说他不忍看到我不幸。
He said he much regretted not being able to help.
他说，他不能给予帮助，深感遗憾。
He said he will not go, but I say he shall.
他说他不去，但我说他必须去。
He said he would support the candidate but I doubt whether there's not a string to it somewhere.
他说他会支持那位候选人，但我想其中很可能有附带条件。
He said it himself.
他亲口说的。
He said that he had been writing for an hour.
他说他已经写了一个钟头了。
He said the modern generation was money mad or pleasure mad.
他说如今的一代人是金钱迷和享乐迷。
He said, "John will help me.".
他说：“约翰会帮助我。”
He sang all the while they walked home.
在他们回家的路上，他一路走一路唱。
He sat down at my side.
他在我身旁坐下。
He sat nervously, marshal his thought.
他紧张地坐着，整理着他的思绪。
He saved his daughter from the fire but at the cost of his own life.
他牺牲了生命，把女儿从大火中救出来。
He saw at once that somebody had been in his study, because some of his books were out of place.
他一眼就看出有人进过他的书房，因为他的书有的给搞乱了。
He saw the Moon.
他看见了月亮。
He says he can perfectly well afford to support the child.
他说他有足够的经济能力来供养这孩子。
He says he'll invite her some other time.
他说他准备改个时间邀请她。
He says that'll do.
他说那也行。
He scored a bull's eye in their argument with that witty retort.
他运用那种机智的反驳，在辩论中大获成功。
He scratched up a football team from various sources.
他从各方面找人拼凑成一支足球队。
He seemed half out of his mind with fear.
他看来像被吓得处于半疯癫状态似的。
He seemed unaffected by his wife's death.
他对妻子之死似无动於衷。
He seems quiet on the surface, but he's quite different when you get to know him.
他外表上看起来似乎很斯文，但你跟他熟识之后，他就完全两样了。
He seems to expect to be wait on hand and foot.
他像是想要人尽心尽力伺候他。
He seems unduly reticent on the subject of his past.
他似乎对他过去的事情讳莫如深。
He seldom asked himself whether he liked such and such a man: he esteemed a man according to whether he was useful to himself.
他极少问自己是否喜欢某某人，他只是按照某人是否对自己有用来估价他。
He sent her a box of her favourite chocolates. It was a sprat to catch a mackerel, and he waited eagerly for her reply.
他送给她一盒她最喜欢吃的巧克力，这是想吃小亏占大便宜，现在他正迫切地等待着她的反应。
He sent to Jennie to meet him at the airport.
他捎口信给珍妮到机场接他。
He serves the public wholeheartedly, regardless of his personal gain or loss.
他全心全意为公众服务，从不计较个人得失。
He set his lips to the glass.
他将嘴唇凑近玻璃杯。
He set the value of the house at$950.
他对这房子的估价是950英镑。
He sets us a good example.
他给我们树立了一个好榜样。
He shall not get so angry. What we have gotten here is more like a brawl than a debate.
他不应该那么生气的。这里的样子不像在讨论而像是在吵架。
He shocked the whole company by resigning.
他辞职的消息全公司都感到震惊。
He shot at me but missed.
他朝我开枪，但未打中。
He should be told the results of the test.
应该把这次试验的结果告诉他。
He should put a bridle on his tongue.
他应该管住自己的嘴。
He shouted to the driver of the tractor to pull over and let him through.
他对拖拉机手高叫，要他靠边走，好让自己超过去。
He showed me up by falling asleep at the concert.
他在音乐会上睡著了，弄得我很难为情。
He shudder at the bare thought.
一想到，他就不寒而栗。
He shut the window, so that the neighbors wouldn't hear the radio.
为了不使邻居听见收音机响，他关上了窗户。
He signed away his share in the property.
他签字放弃他在那笔财产中应得的一份。
He simply laughed off the embarrassing situation in which he had found himself.
他嘻嘻哈哈地就把他的尴尬处境应付过去了。
He skipped off without saying anything to any of us.
他没有对我们任何人说什么话就匆匆离开了。
He slept for a while and lapsed into dreaminess.
他睡了一会儿就堕入恍忽迷离的境界。
He slipped into an indigo tank.
他滑落到蓝靛桶中。
He slouched his hat over his eyes.
他把几十拉得遮住眼睛。
He smiled to see the children so happy.
看到孩子们这样幸福，他笑了。
He snatched a kiss from her.
他出其不意，吻了她一下。
He softened into tears.
他心软而落泪。
He soon adjusted to army life.
他很快就适应了军中生活。
He soon rallied from the shock of his father's death.
他很快从父亡的打击中恢复过来。
He spares no expense in building a villa for himself.
他不惜工本为自己造了一幢别墅。
He speaks English so well, that he's often taken for a native.
他的英语说的那样好，常被人误认为英国人。
He speaks more and more openly about his problem.
他越来越公开地谈他的问题，
He specializes biology.
他主修生物学。
He spent all the time he could spare in study.
他把空闲的时间都用来学习。
He spent some twelve year of his life in africa.
他在非洲度过了近十二个年头。
He spies on his unfaithful wife every day.
他每天都暗中监视他那不忠的妻子。
He spoke in French.
他讲法语。
He spoke so clearly that I could hear every word.
他讲得非常清楚，每个字我都听得见。
He spoke without preamble.
他没有开场白地讲起来。
He spurred on to check the hounds.
他驱马疾驰去拦住猎狗。
He stamped on the sparks to deep the brush- fire from spreading.
他踏灭火花，以免灌木林火蔓延开来。
He started after his friend as soon as he knew she had gone.
他得知他的朋友走了，就立即追赶。
He started off to refuse my demand, but he agreed the next day.
开始时他拒绝我的要求，可是第二天又同意了。
He stated positively that he had never see the man.
他肯定地说他从未见过那个男子。
He stays at home because of rain.
因为下雨他呆在家里。
He still does not get the point. How many times do I have to repeat myself to get it across?
他还没能抓住要点。我要重复多少次才能使他们了解呢？
He stole out of the house without anyone seeing him.
他悄悄地溜出了房子，没有人看见他。
He stood for freedom of speech for everyone regardless of color, race or creed.
他主张不分肤色、种族或信仰，人人都有言论自由。
He stood up and objected in strong terms.
他站起身，强烈地表示反对。
He stopped me being entered by simply putting a pencil through my name on the list.
他只是在名单上用铅笔将我的名字一划，便阻止了我加入进来。
He strikes one as being somewhat lacking in humour.
他使人感到有些缺乏幽默感。
He struck into another subject.
他突然转入另一个话题。
He struggled to his feet.
他挣扎着站起来。
He studied out a new procedure.
他设计出了一套新程序。
He stumbled over a stump.
他在树桩上绊了一下。
He suddenly became wealthy, which changed his whole mode of life.
他突然致富，富有改变了他的整个生活方式。
He suggested repeat the test.
他建议重复做一次这试验。
He supported the official policy in public, but privately he know it will fail.
他在公开的场合里拥护官方的政策，而在私下里却明白那是行不通的。
He sweated out his composition in several hours.
他苦干了几个小时才写出了作文。
He swore by all the gods that his people should suffer wrong no more.
他对诸神发誓，他的人民再也不会忍受这不公平的待遇了。
He swung the car into the parking lot.
他使车子转弯进出停车场。
He takes several learned journals and manages to be abreast of developments in his field.
他订阅了几本学术刊物，对本行最新的发展非常清楚。
He talks about Rome as though he had been there himself.
他谈起罗马来，就象他自己去过似的。
He talks well, but his writing isn't up to much.
他很会谈话，但写作不怎么样。
He teaches children by example.
他用榜样教育儿童。
He tells her to phone him at his hotel every evening.
他叫她每天晚上往他的旅馆给他打电话。
He tells me( that) he'd write some poem.
他告诉我说他写了些诗。
He that converse not know nothing.
不与别人交谈的人孤陋寡闻。
He that hide can find.
藏者易寻觅。
He that talks much lies much.
[谚]饶舌者多扯谎。
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
他是由感染而思考的，简直像感染伤风一样感染意见。
He thinks nothing of driving80 kilometers an hour.
每小时８０公里的开车速度在他看来算不了什么。
He thinks to come a trick over his old pal.
他想跟他的老朋友开个玩笑。
He thought he was going off the rails when he saw a strange animal sitting in the middle of the road.
当他看到路中间坐着一只怪兽时，他还以为自己的脑袋出毛病了。
He thought of trying for a position in a research institute.
他想尽一切办法在一个研究机关找了一份工作。
He threw a spanner into works by never investing this project.
他不再投资这项工程而破坏了整个计划。
He throttled the car down to20 miles an hour.
他关小油门把车速减慢到每小时20英里。
He tied a string on his finger to jog his memory.
他把一条细绳系在指头上，以唤起记忆。
He told a lie rather than get into trouble.
他撒了谎，以避免惹麻烦。
He told me not to buy it, but I bought it anyhow.
他叫我别买它，但我还是买了。
He told me which horse to bet on.
他告诉我该对哪匹赛马下注。
He told us not to worry about him.
他让我们不要为他着急。
He took a copy of the newspaper as it come off the press.
报纸在印刷机上印出来後他拿了一份。
He took a quick look at his notes.
他很快地检查了一遍自己的笔记。
He took down the minute in shorthand.
他将会议记录速记下来。
He took in the scene at a glance.
他看了一眼那里的景色。
He took off his glasses and wiped them again, outside and in side.
他摘下眼睛把它里里外外又揩了一遍。
He took out his flute and played on it.
他拿出笛子吹了起来。
He took the entrance exam but didn't get in.
他参加了入学考试但未被录取
He took up his story where he had left it.
他接着讲上次没讲完的故事。
He tore off his coat and assumed a fighting posture.
他脱掉上衣，摆出一副打架的架势。
He traced his signature laboriously.
他吃力地签上自己的名字。
He translated an English poem into French.
他把一首英语诗译成了法语。
He treated himself to a holiday in Spain.
他让自己痛痛快快在西班牙度一次假。
He tried hard to recollect the old scenes of his hometown.
他翻来覆去地用心回忆他家乡旧时的情景。
He tried to beat out the sense of every word and phrase.
他试图弄清楚每一个词语的意思。
He tried to explain away the missing money.
他试图为丢失钱而进行辩解。
He tried to join the police force but was turned down because of poor physique.
他试图充任警察，但因身体不合格受到拒绝。
He tried to push more books into the bag but there was not enough room.
他试图往包里再塞几本书，可没有空了。
He tried to set aside a few minutes each day for his exercises.
他每天尽量抽出几分钟时间来锻炼。
He tried to varnish over the truth with a lie.
他试图用谎言来掩盖真相。
He trod on the head of the broom and the handles flew up and hit him in the face.
他一脚踩着扫帚头，扫帚柄飞快地翘了起来，打在他的脸上。
He turned a somersault.
他翻了个筋头。
He turned nasty when we refused to give him the money.
我们不给他钱，他就凶相毕露了。
He turned the idea over for a week before replying.
他在答复以前把这个想法反复考虑了一周。
He twisted in his chair to see what was happening behind him.
他在座位上转过身去看他身后发生了什么事。
He unwarily tread upon a viper asleep just before his feet.
他不小心踩到正睡在他脚前的蛇上。
He used his casting vote to block the motion.
他用他的投票反对动议的通过。
He used to be rich, but a lot of his fortune went in paying his father's debts.
他原先本富有，但是大部分钱财用于还他父亲的债了。
He used to play baseball with the Giants.
他以前是巨人队的棒球选手。
He uses statistics as a drunken man use lamp-post-for support rather than for illumination.
他要利用统计数字，正如醉汉之利用电灯柱－－非为借光，实为撑腰。
He vainly tried to mark the defacing stain out.
他试图除去有损外观的污迹，但没有成功。
He ventured on an ambitious project.
他冒险从事一项富有雄心的计画。
He vowed to kill his wife's lover.
他发誓要杀死妻子的情夫。
He walked along as if favoring his sore foot.
他走路像是特别小心照顾他那只酸痛的脚似的。
He walked right into the trap.
他不慎正好陷入圈套。
He waltzed in and out as if the house belong to him.
他大摇大摆地出来进去，好像这所房子是他的一样。
He wanted them to jump to it.
他希望他们赶快办这件事。
He wants a cheap one.
他想要一种便宜的。
He wants to be an actor.
他想做个演员。
He wants to know where his watch be?
他想知道他的手表在哪里？
He warmed up when I told him the good news.
我把好消息告诉他时，他很兴奋。
He was a distinguished publicist.
他是一位卓越的宣传家。
He was a man whom all his friends admired and who won the respect even of his enemies.
他是个所有他的朋友全都钦佩的、甚至赢得敌人尊敬的人。
He was a soft-hearted man. He wouldn't hurt an ant.
他是一个软心肠的人，连一个蚂蚁都不愿伤害。
He was about to leave when his secretary called him back.
他正要离开，这时他的秘书把他喊回去了。
He was admonished against doing wrong.
人们告诫他不要做坏事。
He was alone in the house.
他独自一人在家里。
He was an author whose works were so little known as to be almost confidential.
他这位作家的著作是如此不为人所知，以致几乎等于机密文件。
He was angry, wherefore I left him alone.
他生气了，所以我就不理会他了。
He was arrested in connection with a series of armed bank robberies.
因受一系列武装抢劫银行案的牵连，他被捕了。
He was assailed as an oppressor of the people, who ground the faces of the poor.
他被人抨击为人民的压迫者，骑在穷人的头上。
He was away ill and I was landed with all his work.
他因病不在，他的工作都推在我身上。
He was before his time with many of his paintings.
他的许多绘画都是超时代的。
He was born in Atlanta, Georgia, on January15, 1929.
他于一九二九年一月十五日出生在乔治亚州的亚特兰大市。
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth; he thinks he can do what he likes.
他生长在富贵之家，认为凡事都可以随心所欲。
He was buoyed up by thinking that he would recover yet, if slowly.
他想到还会恢复健康，即使是慢慢地恢复，心情也就开朗起来了。
He was captured trying to escape from the country.
他在企图逃离这个国家时被捕获。
He was charged with an important mission.
他受命去完成一项重要使命。
He was cold and hungry.
他又冷又饿。
He was correct in his observation that the war would end within a year.
他认为战争将在一年之内结束的评论LL是正确的。
He was delirious, murmuring about his childhood.
他精神恍惚，低声叨念著童年往事。
He was dismayed at his lack of understanding.
他对自已的无知感到沮丧。
He was dressed in a quiet grey suit and looked very well bred and every inch a gentleman.
他身着素灰色套装，看上去很有涵养，一副绅士派头。
He was elected chairman of the education committee.
他当选为教育委员会主任委员。
He was enraged that he was shut out.
他对被拒于门外一事极为愤怒。
He was expelled for smoking in class.
他因在上课时吸烟而被开除了。
He was fined200 dollars for violation of traffic regulation.
他因违反交通规则被罚款200美元。
He was forced to face up to the situation.
他只好勇敢地面对这种局面。
He was furious, but his manner was very restrained.
他十分恼火，但在态度上却很能克制。
He was going for a scholarship in order to go abroad.
为了出国，他准备争取奖学金。
He was handed a list and told he could take his pick of the drinks available.
有人递给他一张单子，告诉他可以任意挑选这儿有的饮料。
He was hell-bent on going in spite of the heavy rain.
尽管下着大雨，他还是坚决要出去。
He was hoping I wouldn't be there, and I think my presence rather ruffled his feathers.
他真希望我不去那里，我想我的出现使他有点恼火。
He was immune to all persuasion.
他对所有的劝说都无动於衷。
He was in peril.
他有危险。
He was irritated with you.
他在生你的气。
He was last seen walking into the Town Hall.
上一次有人看见他走进市政厅。
He was like a lamb in the hands of the swindlers, and they fleeced him of all his savings.
那些骗子使他轻易地上当受骗，然后诈取了他所有的积蓄。
He was lying out of the whole cloth about Frieda, but Angela didn't know and he knew she didn't know.
他说了许多关于弗里达的谎话，但是安吉拉不晓得他在撒谎，他也知道她不晓得。
He was momentarily rendered speechless with joy.
他因欣喜若狂而一时说不出话来。
He was never to see his home again.
他注定再也见不到他的家乡了。
He was not going to be interfered with.
他不准备让别人干预他的事。
He was now a highly trained journalist of a new type.
他现在是一个受了良好训练的新型新闻工作者了。
He was often made fun of for his strong accent.
由于他乡音很重，大家常和他开玩笑。
He was opposed by lots of people.
他受到很多人的反对。
He was picked out from the whole class to represent them at the other school.
他被挑选出来作为全班同学的代表，到另一所学校去。
He was praised for bringing up the runaway horse.
他勒住了脱缰之马受到了表扬。
He was put away for ten years for armed robbery.
他因持械抢劫而关押了十年。
He was rather noncommittal.
他说得很活络。
He was received to the reception as an honored guest.
他作为嘉宾而得以参加招待会。
He was rewarded for his bravery.
他因表现勇敢而得到赞赏。
He was scratched out of the list.
他的名字给从名单上划掉了。
He was sent away and, a few days later, brought back, like the bad halfpenny.
他被送走了，可没过几天，又像没用的赝币一样被退回来了。
He was set upon by two masked men.
他受到两个蒙面人的袭击。
He was shunted aside.
他受到排挤。
He was so caught up in the movie that he forgot the time.
他深受影片感动，因此忘记了时间。
He was so ill that we had to send for a doctor.
他病得很重，我们只好给他请医生了。
He was sold out by a traitor and arrested.
他被叛徒出卖，被捕了。
He was staggering across the room and had obviously had a few.
他在房间里摇摇晃晃地走着，很显然他已喝醉了。
He was such a tremendous fellow that he would go to loggerheads with everyone present.
他是个很利害的人物，他会和在场的每个人吵架。
He was swilling down the front steps when I called on him.
我拜访他时，他正在冲刷正面的台阶。
He was terribly tired after walking six kilos.
他走了六公里之后就累得不行。
He was the only person awake at the moment.
他是那时唯一醒着的人。
He was tied to the job by his contract.
他因受制于契约而不得不做那个工作。
He was too fond of my genius to force it into traces.
他太器重我的才能，不愿意我去做日常琐碎的工作。
He was treated with cruelty.
他受到残酷的对待。
He was uneasy and conscience-stricken.
他很不自在，良心很不安。
He was upstairs in bed.
他在楼上睡觉。
He was very good at tennis, but he met his match when he played McEnroe.
他的网球打得很好，但当他与麦肯罗对打时，他遇到对手了。
He was visiting a new plant.
他正参观一家新建工厂。
He was weighing up whether to stay with us or not.
他在仔细考虑是否留下和我们在一起。
He was, on his own admission, impulsive by nature.
他承认自己生性易于感情冲动。
He wasn't rid of the mental burden.
他摆脱不了精神负担。
He waved away the idea of more talk.
他挥挥手表示不愿再谈下去了。
He weighed the ideas in his mind.
他在脑中衡量这些想法。
He went berserk with glee.
他高兴得发疯似的。
He went off driving altogether after his accident.
那次车祸以后他再也不喜欢开车。
He went out for a walk, cane in hand.
他手里拿着手杖出外散步。
He went through drawer after drawer and eventually searched out a dusty portfolio.
他一个一个抽屉查找，后来终于找出了一份沾满灰尘的文件夹。
He went to call on you after he had had dinner.
他吃了晚饭以后，他就去拜访你了。
He went to the station to ask about the trains.
他到火车站却了解火车情况。
He whipped off his coat.
他迅速地脱下外衣。
He who falls today, may rise tomorrow.
今日虽失败，明日可成功。
He who laughs last laugh best.
笑到最后，笑得最好。
He will always carry with him the memory of that battle with the enemy.
他永远不会忘记同敌人进行的那次战役的情景。
He will be here, but as usual, he is taking his time over it!
他会来的，不过像平时一样，他总是拖拖拉拉的。
He will come instantly.
他立刻就来。
He will find out what to do.
他会明白该怎样做的。
He will have with him a complete range of our latest products.
他将随带我方最新产品的完成系列。
He will not agree with you. He still sticks his heels in.
他不会同意你的观点，他仍然不改变主意。
He will not sit down under such treatment.
我不应再忍受好如此的礼遇。
He will retire on a pension at65.
他将在65岁时退休，领养老金生活。
He will throw open his door to any of your friends.
凡是你的朋友他无不竭诚欢迎。
He wiped the eye of the armed burglar.
他一拳把那个手持武器的窃贼的眼睛打青了。
He wishes ill to no one except those who intentionally offend him.
他不盼任何人倒霉，除去那些有意冒犯他的人。
He won first prize in a lottery- enough to keep him in beer for a year.
他中了彩票的头奖，所得的钱足够他喝上一年的啤酒。
He won't allow them to put the question by.
他不会让他们把这问题搁置起来。
He won't stand for and funny business here.
他不准有任何不道德的事在这里发生。
He wore a mask so that no one should recognize him.
他戴了一个面罩，使别人认不出他来。
He work all summer to save money for the purchase of a piano.
他工作了一整个夏天，为的是存钱买架钢琴。
He worked in a few jokes in his speech.
他在演说中加了几个笑话。
He worked with great energy.
他以巨大的精力工作。
He works in a printing shop.
他在印刷车间工作。
He works three day on end.
他连续工作了三天。
He would do it, though I told him not to.
虽然我告诉他不要做，他偏要做。
He would have to efface himself before his visitors.
他每每只好在客人面前躲而避之。
He would not touch the matter.
他不愿插手这事。
He would wait till they were back, he decided.
他决定一直等到他们回来。
He wove four plots together into a novel.
他把四条情节编成一部小说。
He writes reams of verse.
他写很多的诗。
He wrote down his name on the list.
他将他的名字写在清单上。
He wrote on mathematics.
他撰写数学著作。
He wroth off a dirty kind of life by killing himself.
他以自杀结束了他那肮脏的一生。
He'd better call a taxi.
他最好叫一辆出租汽车。
He'd mistaken the address, and gone to the wrong house.
他弄错了地址，走到另一家去了。
He'll be bursting in upon us at any moment.
他随时可能出现在我们眼前。
He'll definitely be back by the weekend.
周末以前他肯定会回来。
He'll have his own ideas about that.
至于那件事他会有他自己的想法。
He'll sing a different tune when he has to earn his own money.
当她必须自己去赚钱时，他唱的调子就会不同了。
He's a better emcee than I think he'd be.
这司仪做得意外的好嘛。
He's a composer of serious music. I like his music a lot.
他是个庄严音乐的作曲家，我非常喜欢他创作的曲子。
He's a fine baritone.
他是个优秀的男中音歌手。
He's a hypocrite, in spades.
他无疑地是个伪君子。
He's a pilot.
他是个飞行员。
He's a slacker, he actually skipped off and left us to do the clearing away.
他是个懒鬼，他居然悄悄地溜走而把清除工作留给我们来做。
He's above stealing.
他不至于去偷窃。
He's always been able to shuffle out of any difficulty. We don't know how he will do this time.
他一向总是能狡猾地摆脱任何困难，我们不知道他这回又要耍什么花招。
He's always ready to chime in with his opinion.
他老是要打断别人的谈话发表自己的看法。
He's an intellectual and as straight as a die in all his dealings.
他是个知识分子，待人接物无不极其诚实公正。
He's away for a few days. Can I give him a message?
他这几天不在。我能给他留个口信吗？
He's been coming a VIP over us since he became the manager.
自从作了经理之后他便俨然以一位大人物的态度对待我们。
He's been moonlight for the past years as a driver.
过去一年里他下班后开车赚外快。
He's been troubled with a bad back for years.
他患腰酸背痛已经好几年了。
He's broken away from his family.
他与家庭断绝了关系。
He's decided to come in on our excursion.
他决定参加我们的郊游行列。
He's down town.
他到闹市区去了。
He's feeling terribly hung over after last night's party.
因昨晚聚会贪杯，他现在感到昏沉沉的。
He's get three score.
他已得了3分。
He's going to India on an assignment for his newspaper.
他将去印度为他的报纸完成某项工作。
He's got a screw loose.
他神经有点问题。
He's grown six inches taller.
他长高了六英寸。
He's ill-humoured today.
他今天情绪不佳。
He's intent on going to France.
他热切希望到法国去。
He's keeping an eye out for modern trends in space technology.
他密切注意空间技术方面的新趋势。
He's locked in and nobody knows where the key is.
他被锁在房间里，没有人知道钥匙在什么地方。
He's mugging up history for the exam.
他正在死记历史以应付考试。
He's nipped his thumb in the fastener.
他的姆指被钩扣夹住了。
He's not cut out for teaching..
他不是当教师的材料。
He's not so ill that he can't come to work; he's just swinging the lead.
他并不是病得不能来工作，他只是在泡病号。
He's now fully recovered from his stroke.
他现已从中风病完全康复了。
He's on the mend.
他的病见好了。
He's over sixty, but he shows no signs of slowing up.
他年逾六十，但并不衰老迟钝。
He's pulled a muscle as a result of trying to lift the end of the piano.
他试着把钢琴的一端抬起来，结果拉伤了肌肉。
He's robert.
他是罗伯特。
He's sitting in the front of the car with the driver.
他与司机一起坐在汽车的前部。
He's still but a child.
他还是个小孩子。
He's taken unpaid leave for a month.
他请了一个月的停薪假。
He's the person whom I meet at the club every day and whom I've incited home to dinner tonight.
他是我每天在俱乐部碰到的那个人，我已邀请他今晚到我家进餐。
He's too young to shackle himself with the responsibilities of a family.
他还太年轻，不能用家庭责任来束缚自己。
He's very ambitious.
他野心勃勃。
He's very short-tempered.
他的性子很急。
He's working at a new invention.
他正致力于一项新发明。
He/She will be cozy and warm no matter what the weather is, thanks to you.
有了你的这件礼物，不管天气如何，他／她都会又暖和又舒适，谢谢你。
Health is the essence of happiness.
健康是幸福的本质。
Hear, hear! What an absurd idea!
瞧！多么可笑的想法！
Hearing this, he got to his feet and left the room.
听到这儿他站起来离开了房间。
Heat makes some people listless.
天气热使有些人没精打采。
Heaven knows I've tried to help.
我确实尽力帮助了。
Heavy footsteps signalled the teacher's approach.
沉重的脚步声显示教师已经走近了。
Heavy taxes indispose a citizen to work hard.
重税于国民不愿意辛勤工作。
Held back valuable information; held back my tears.
保留有价值的信息；忍住眼泪
Helen had no book and the teacher told her to look on with me.
海伦没有书，老师就叫她和我合看一本书。
Helen was the first person to break the ice by telling us what happened to her on the way to the party.
海伦是第一个开始讲话的人。她把来参加聚会途中所发生的事情告诉了我们。
Hello! Somebody's left their hat behind.
哎哟！有人把帽子拉在这儿啦。
Hello, Tom. What brings you to Beijing again?
你好，汤姆。什么又把你带到北京来？
Hello.
喂。
Hello. Telegram.
喂，这是电报局。
Hello? This is Val. I am calling from Hilton.
喂？我是瓦尔。我是在希尔顿给你打电话。
Help me sweep the room.
帮我打扫房间。
Help was lacking during the storm.
风暴中无处可求援。
Henry Allen's wife asked him to dispose of the garbage and give the dog something to eat.
亨利·艾伦的妻子要他把垃圾扔掉，并给狗点儿东西吃。
Henry hits up his father's friends for work.
亨利请求他父亲的朋友们介绍工作。
Henry thinks he is always right and gets on his high horse if anyone dares to contradict him.
亨利认为他总是对的，如果有人敢于反驳他的话，他就摆出一副盛气凌人的架势。
Her English accent is so good, you will think she is a native speaker.
她的英语口音很纯正，谁都以为她生来就说英语。
Her admirers almost fell over each other with offers of hospitality.
她的追求者几乎是争先恐后向她献殷勤。
Her appearance deceived me.
她的外表欺骗了我。
Her baby is great fun.
她的婴儿很好玩。
Her behavior declared her an innocent girl.
她对人的态度表明她是个天真的女孩。
Her boots; her accomplishments.
她的靴子；她的才艺
Her brothers, both of whom work in Scotland, ring her up every week.
她的两个兄弟都在苏格兰工作，他们每周都给她打电话。
Her cheeks burned red.
她的两颊通红。
Her city slicker boyfriend look pretty clumsy out here on the farm.
她那个衣著讲究世故老练的城市男友到了农庄这里看起来挺笨拙的。
Her conduct in this matter is of a piece with a good deal else that I have heard about her.
她在这件事情上的所作所为同我听到有关她的许多其他情况是一致的。
Her daughter is all in all to her in the world.
在这个世界上，她的女儿是她最爱的人。
Her dilemma is whether to go to the party in her old dress or to stay at home.
她的为难处就是不知究竟是穿着旧衣服去赴宴会，还是躲在家里不去。
Her dress is an atrocity.
她的衣着俗不可耐。
Her evil ways will certainly catch up with her.
她的恶劣行为必将使她自食其果。
Her eyes have sunk.
她的眼睛凹陷下去了。
Her eyes twinkled with excitement.
她激动得两眼亮了起来。
Her face flushed with anger under the cross fire of her parents.
她在父母的交相指责下，气得满脸通红。
Her face was aglow as she met him.
她见到他时兴奋得面色绯红。
Her facility with/ in languages is surprising.
她在语言方面的才能令人吃惊。
Her father pays for her board but she keeps herself in comfort.
她父亲负担她的吃住，而她自己则过舒适的日子。
Her fever is gone.
她已经退烧了。
Her future husband, job, prospects
她未来的丈夫、工作、前途
Her greatest desire was to make good at a film actress.
她最大的理想是当一名成功的演员。
Her hair is snarled.
她的头发缠结在一起。
Her hands swept the keyboard.
她的手快速按动键盘。
Her health was never very good, even at the best of times.
她就是在健康状况最佳时身体也不怎么好。
Her heart went pit-a-pat.
她的心怦怦地跳。
Her husband is not rich.
她的丈夫不富裕。
Her husband, who is living in London, often writes to her.
她的丈夫住在伦敦，常常写信给她。
Her impulses were carefully controlled, and her feelings closely penned up.
她小心地控制着内心的冲动，牢牢地封闭自己的感情。
Her joke suddenly clicked with us and we all laughed.
她的笑话使我们一下子恍然大悟，于是我们哈哈大笑。
Her latest book is a work of genius.
她最近的书是一部天才作品。
Her life has run smoothly up to now.
她的生活到目前仍一帆风顺。
Her love has slowly gone out.
她的爱情慢慢地消逝了。
Her mind is deranged.
她精神错乱。
Her motherly kindness attaches us all to her.
她像母亲一般仁慈，我们大家都很依恋她。
Her name's Janet.
她叫珍妮。
Her new novel is tops.
她新发表的小说是第一流的
Her oscillations in mood are maddening.
她喜怒无常能把人气疯。
Her parents tried to pair her off with a rich neighbour.
她的父母想让她和一个有钱的邻居结婚。
Her pink dress became her very well.
粉红色衣服穿在她身上显得很匹配。
Her professed love of children
她所谓的对孩子们的爱
Her regular school fees are$43 a term, music and dancing are extra.
她固定学费每学期43美元，音乐和舞蹈另行收费。
Her resignation caused much public debate.
她辞职一事引起群众议论纷纷。
Her selfishness will come home to roost someday.
她的自私总有一天会得到报应。
Her singing took the theatre by storm.
她的演唱使全场观众大为倾倒。
Her sleeves were turned up.
她的袖子卷起来了。
Her son was an anxiety to her.
她的儿子使她焦虑不安。
Her students could not compass the simplest problems.
她的学生连最简单的问题都不能理解。
Her suspicion melted away as he began to talk.
当他开始讲话时，她的怀疑就消失了。
Her three years at Oxford
她在牛津三年求学期间
Her unconscious looks wander to her husband with infantile dependency.
带著像婴儿般的依赖她不由自主地把目光投向了她的丈夫。
Her voice took on a sudden bitter note.
她的声音带着一股出意料的辛酸语气。
Her words are astonishing.
她的话是令人惊讶的。
Her work is raising the pig.
她的工作是养猪。
Herds are fattening on the early clover.
家畜靠吃早春的昔蓿而长肥。
Here are two pencils.
这里有两枝铅笔。
Here is a catalogue and a price list. The product is a very popular item this year.
这是目录和价目表。这种产品是今年非常流行的款式。
Here is my claim tag.
这是我的行李票。
Here is the money for a half-fare return.
这是买一张半票的来回票的钱。
Here visitors can chat over tea or enjoy a game of chess.
这里游人可以喝茶聊天，也可以下棋。
Here's a gift for you.
这里有个礼物送给你。
Here's some money in case you should need it.
这儿给你点钱，说不定你会需要用的。
Here's to you.
敬你一杯。
Here, he read of dreadful crimes that made the blood run cold.
在这里，他读到使人毛骨悚然的可怖罪案。
Herold can not match him in artistic talent.
就艺术才华而言，海洛德不能同他相比。
Hey! Somebody put their poster on top of ours.
嘿！有人把海报贴在我们的上面。
Hey, do not you guy have anything to talk about besides car and girls?
喂，你们除了谈论车子和女孩之外，就没有其他可谈的？
Hi! Great show, eh?
你好！好节目，是吗？
Hi, there.
嗨，你好。
High in pitch; shrill.
高音的音调很高的；尖声的
High-powered business executives
干劲十足的商务行政人员
Highly refined; delicate.
优美的；精致的
Hinckley fired five shots at the President.
欣克利朝着总统射了五枪。
His Hairy Frog was, as frogs go, quite large.
按青蛙的标准来衡量，他的“多毛蛙”算得上非常大了。
His acceptance by Harvard University is on everyone's lips.
大家都在谈论他被哈佛大学录取的事。
His action are so irrational that I think he must be off his chump.
他的行为毫无理智，我认为他一定是疯了。
His activities in London center around this spot.
他在伦敦的活动以这个地点为中心。
His aim was very good.
他瞄得很准。
His anger was swathed in silence.
他以沉默而掩饰愤怒。
His answer was right on the beam.
他的答案完全正确。
His argument led us away from the topic.
他的论点使我们离开了本题。
His article teemed with blunders.
他的文章错误百出。
His attitude to ownership is rooted in communist ideology.
他的所有制观点源自共产主义思想。
His bed on fire, Rochester is awakened just in time by Jane.
他的床已着火，罗切斯特被简·爱及时唤醒。
His behaviour extinguish the last trace of affection she have for him.
他的这种行为使她对他的最後一丝爱慕之情荡然无存。
His bicycle is of better quality than yours.
他的自行车质量比你们的好。
His book is an expansion of his article.
他的书是由他的论文扩写而成的。
His boss made him mix inferior flour with first-grade.
老板让他把次等面搀在头等面里。
His breast-beating emotionalism won little sympathy.
他表示沉痛的作法未能赢得同情。
His brother spends money as if it were so much paper.
他弟弟花钱就好像是用纸一样。
His business is looking up now.
他的生意现在兴旺起来。
His car circled around.
他的车在兜圈子。
His carelessness contributed to the accident.
他的粗心大意是造成这次事故的原因之一。
His cheek tingle from the slap she have give him.
他的面颊因挨了她一记耳光而感到刺痛。
His clothes are covered with dirt.
他的衣服上沾满尘土。
His collection of paintings will go on the block tomorrow.
他收集起来的画明天将要拿去拍卖。
His conduct is a mere cover-up for his nervousness.
他的行为只是为了掩护他的紧张。
His constant complaining jangles on my nerves.
他老是唠唠叨叨地抱怨，我实在受不了。
His country cottage turned out to be an enormous bungalow.
他的“乡下房子”原来是一座大平房。
His criticism of the factory was very harsh and he tore the manager to pieces over it.
他对工厂的批评非常严厉，并且他就此驳得经理体无完肤。
His death at the age of28 was a bolt from the blue.
他28岁英年早逝，真使人惊愕不已。
His debts mounted to thousands of dollars.
他的债务增至几千美元。
His desertion from the army brought dishonour on his family.
他当逃兵的事使他的家庭受了耻辱。
His dishonesty cut him off from all of us.
他为人很不诚实，所以我们大家都不愿与之为伍。
His dress is very similar to mine in colour.
他衣服的颜色和我衣服的很相似。
His efforts finally bore fruit and permission was granted.
他的努力终於有了结果，请求得到了批准。
His encouraging words revived my drooping spirits.
他令人鼓舞的话使我颓丧的精神振作起来。
His every sentence is followed by a burst of applause.
他的每一句话都赢得一阵掌声。
His experience is being put to good use there.
他的经验现在正在那里很好加以利用。
His eyes burned with rage.
他气得两眼直冒火。
His eyes wandered over the landscape.
他的目光游移于四周的景色。
His face broke out in a rash.
他的脸上突然长满了皮疹。
His face pale as death, and his lips trembling, he stammered out the dreadful news.
他脸色发白，双唇颤抖，结结巴巴地说出了这一可怕的消息。
His face was flushed with shame.
他的脸因羞耻而变红。
His failure was a great surprise to us.
他的失败使我们感到意外。
His family is out of the top drawer of Washington society.
他的家庭属于华盛顿的上流社会。
His father designs him to be a minister.
他父亲打算让他当牧师。
His father is a retired miner.
他的父亲是个退休矿工。
His father sucked the orange, and the boy has merely inherited the skin.
父亲把财产都败光了，儿子继承下来的只是个空架子。
His fear of does traces back to an experience in his childhood.
他对狗的恐惧溯自他在孩童时代的一次经历。
His fingers swept the keys of the piano.
他的手指在钢琴键盘上轻快地移动。
His first story was accepted two years later, but upon the advice of George Meredith he decided not to publish it.
两年后，他的第一篇短篇小说虽被采纳，但在乔治·梅雷迪斯的劝导下，他决定不发表。
His formal clothes make him the odd one out in the club.
他衣冠楚楚，在俱乐部中如鹤立鸡群。
His friends are just a bunch of hooligans.
他的朋友们只是一群流氓。
His gaze rested on a strange object.
他的目光滞留在一个奇怪的物体上。
His good image has stolen up on my brain.
他的良好形象已渐渐在我头脑中形成。
His great surprise was, that so small a pistol could kill so big a man…an inch was as good as an ell.
令他大为惊奇的是，这么小的枪居然能杀死如此大的人……真是能杀死人的东西不在大小。
His hair was matted together.
他的头发缠结在一起。
His hard hands and sinewy sunburnt limbs told of labor and endurance.
他粗糙的双手，被太阳哂得发黑的健壮四肢，均表明他十分辛勤，非常耐劳。
His health broke down.
他的身体垮了。
His heart sank when his boos told him that the company didn't need him any more.
他的老板说公司不再需要他的时候，他感到很失望。
His help put her under an obligation to help him in any possible way.
他的帮劝使她感到歉疚，她尽可能地来帮助他。
His hope of winning is oozing away.
他对赢的希望渐渐破灭了。
His house was rated at$300 a year.
他的房子估计每年应交300美元的税。
His ideas are too extreme for me.
我认为他的思想太偏激了。
His illness is attributable to overwork.
他的病可归因于劳累过度。
His impudence beats everything.
他的厚颜无耻简直令人难以置信。
His influence has waned.
他的势力已衰退。
His interest in this subject gradually decreases.
他对这个科目的兴趣逐渐在减退。
His isolation has made him blunt about the feelings of others.
他的孤立使他对别人的感情木然无知。
His joke made us laugh till we cried.
他的笑话逗得我们笑出了眼泪。
His knee stung from the graze.
他的膝盖擦伤後十分疼痛。
His last agony was over.
他临死的挣扎已经过去了。
His latest work came out with a bang.
他最近出的一本书很受欢迎。
His letter cut her to the quick.
他的信深深地伤了她的心。
His life was ebbing away.
他的身体逐趋衰弱。
His long speech was nothing but gas and hot air.
他的长篇大论只是吹牛和空话。
His manner partakes of insolence.
她的态度有几分傲慢。
His men talk to him at no allowance.
他手下的人可随意同他说话。
His mind was throbbing with expectation.
他的心因期待而柁柁地跳着。
His mother is in the garden, snipping off the dead roses.
他母亲在花园里，剪下凋谢的玫瑰。
His mother was weighed down with care.
他的母亲被忧虑压得心情沉重。
His name leapt out at me from the newspaper.
报纸上他的名字一下字跳入我的眼帘。
His new book did not come up to expectation.
他的新作没有达到预期水平。
His new responsibilities are pressing.
他新担任的职务压得他紧张不堪。
His oddness frightened her.
他那古怪的样子把她吓了一跳。
His opinion differs entirely from mine.
他的意见和我的完全不同。
His opposition served only to strengthen our resolve.
他一反对反而增强了我们的决心。
His parents expected him to be a teacher: the tradition seemed to run in the family.
他父母希望他成为一名教师；这似乎是他们家的传统。
His past misdeeds redounded on him.
他过去所做的坏事报应在他自己身上。
His perseverance and diligence in his youth has made him what he is today.
他年少时的毅力和勤奋造就了他今天的成就。
His plan seemed to be too difficult, but before long it proved to be practicable.
他的计划看起来太困难，但是没多久就被证明很实用。
His poetry displays a finished style.
他的诗集展现完美的风格。
His poor health incapacitated him for work.
他的健康不佳使他不能工作。
His principles sit loosely on him.
他的原则对他没有多大约束力。
His prose is dead.
他的散文不生动。
His reading achievement is depressed.
他的阅读能力低于一般水平。
His refusal was a mere gesture.
他的拒绝只是一种作态而已。
His remarks convicted him of a lack of sensitivity.
他的言辞显示了他缺乏敏感性
His reputation is blemished by a newspaper article allege he'd evaded his taxes.
由于报上一篇文章声称他曾逃税，他的名誉受到损害。
His rich wife is his meal ticket.
他靠他有钱的太太生活。
His rudeness drew on his being beaten.
他的无礼招来一顿毒打。
His scars bore witness to the torture he had suffered.
他身上的一处处伤痕证明他曾受到严刑拷打。
His selfish conduct reflects on him.
他的自私行为对自己的名声不利。
His shop is for sale.
他的商店要出售。
His smile was meant for me.
他的微笑是冲着我来的。
His song is often expressive of joy and love.
他的歌曲经常表现欢乐爱情。
His speech fired the crowd with enthusiasm for the new plan.
他的演讲激起了大众对新计划的热情。
His speech set off violence in the crowd.
他的讲话在人群中引起了骚动。
His speech was nothing but milk and water.
他的讲话平淡无奇毫无意义。
His sprained ankle has puffed up.
他那扭伤的脚踝肿起来了。
His story illustrates her true generosity very clearly.
他所说的事很清楚地说明了她确实慷慨大方。
His strength as a news-reader lies in his training as a journalist.
他胜任新闻广播员的工作，在於他有当过记者的锻炼。
His success in amateur theatricals led him on to think he could tread the boards for a living.
他业余演戏很成功，他因此觉得自己可以以演戏为生。
His suggestion is executed in the plan.
他的建议在计划中体现出来。
His symphony was laughed off the stage at its first rehearsal.
他的交响曲在第一次预演时就受到嘲笑而不能上演。
His teeth are stained yellow.
他的牙齿被熏成黄色。
His thesis is rife with errors.
他的学位论文错误连篇。
His trade suffered greatly during the war.
战争中他的生意蒙受很大损失。
His uncle doesn't exactly approve of him.
他叔叔并不怎么喜欢他。
His version of the accident should correspond with that of the other witnesses.
他对这件事情的说法应与其他证人的说法相一致。
His voice echoed in the big empty hall.
他的声音在空荡的大厅里发出回声。
His voice was drowned out by the noise made by a gang of rowdies.
他的声音被一伙流氓的吵闹声给压倒了。
His weak chest is a legacy of a childhood illness
他那瘦弱的胸脯是儿时患病的后遗症
His wife can do nothing about his monkey business at the pub.
他的太太对於他在俱乐部胡闹束手无策。
His wife is very useful at cooking.
他的妻子擅长烹调。
His wife's calm nature act as a counterbalance to his excitability.
他妻子生性从容不迫，这对他的易冲动的个性起著平衡作用。
His word finally foment her hostility.
他的言词终于引发了她的敌意。
His words incited them to rebellion.
他的话驱使他们反叛。
His words were long enough to run in series.
他的话，长到足以连成一串。
His work is selling cars.
他的工作是推销汽车。
His wound closed up after a week.
他的伤口一周后愈合了。
His yurt stood behind the temple.
他的蒙古包就在那座庙背后。
History record the name of royal bastard, but cannot tell us the origin of wheat.
历史记载了不少私生龙子龙孙的大名，I却不能告诉我们小麦的起源。
Hitch-hike through France to Spain
沿途搭便车经法国前往西班牙
Hold fast to what is right!
对的就要坚持！
Hold onto
紧紧抓住
Hold your horse! I'd like to tell you something before you go!
等一等！在你去之前，我有些事想告诉你。
Holiday economy
假日经济
Holy mackerel! What a way to run all army!
好家伙，这是什么指挥部队的方式呀！
Homer write the oddity.
荷马写了那《怪东西》。
Honesty recommends any person.
任何一个人都欢迎诚实的品质
Honour and profit lie not in one sack.
要荣誉，失利益；要利益，舍荣誉。
Hope for the best but be prepared for the worst.
抱乐观的希望，作最坏的准备。
Hoped that a new spirit of freedom was arising.
渴望一种自由的新精神已在形成
Hose woods these are I think I know.
我知道谁是这林子的主人，
Hot on the trail.
即将找到失去的线索
Hour of gardening in the sun have quite tired me out.
几小时在太阳底下锄草浇花已使我十分疲劳了。
Houses and churches are buildings.
房子和教堂是建筑物。
How I teach her to drive.
我教她怎样开车。
How about go to a concert?
去听音乐会怎么样？
How about some coffee?
给我喝点咖啡怎么样？
How annoying! I've burned the cookie again.
好讨厌！我又把饼乾教烤焦了！
How are you feeling now?-- Not so bad.
你现在感觉怎样？——还好。
How are you stacking up?
你的情况怎么样？
How bright is the moon that night!
那天晚上的月亮多亮呀！
How can I improve my spoken English?
我该怎样才能提高口语水平？
How can I work when you're always hovering over me?
你总紧盯着，我还怎么干活呢？
How can one stand by and see such cruelty?
看到这样的残酷行径，怎么能够毫不理会呢？
How can we extricate the firm from this trouble?
我们该如何承救公司脱离困境呢？
How can we utilize his knowledge and skill to our advantage?
我们如何来利用他的知识和技术才对我们有利？
How can you justify your rude and foolish behaviour?
你怎能为你粗鲁而愚蠢的行为辩护？
How can you suffer such insolence?
你怎么能容忍这种蛮横的态度？
How come girls from other college can join you club?
为什么来自别校的女孩子能参加我们的社团？
How could he get his heavy box up all those stairs?
这么重的箱子他是怎么抬上楼的？
How dare you burst in on us without knocking!
你怎么胆敢不敲门就闯进来！
How deep is the water?
这水有多深？
How did it happen that the proposal was vetoed at the Security Council?
这项提案在安理会遭到否决是怎么搞的？
How did we get onto that subject?
我们是怎样才谈到那个问题的？
How did you enjoy the concert?
你喜欢那场音乐会吗？
How did you manage to steer by that difficult question?
你是怎样设法回避了那个棘手的问题的？
How do I get to your office?
我怎样才能到您的公司？
How do you break your leg?
你怎么摔断腿的？
How do you drink your coffee, black or white?
您咖啡怎么喝，加不加牛奶？
How do you get start in that line of work?
你是怎么开始干那一行的？
How do you like spring in beijing?
你喜欢北京的春天吗？
How do you like your room?
你喜欢你房间成怎么样？
How do you spell this word right? can you check it for me, please?
我吃不准这个词我拼得是否正确，你可以帮我检查一下吗？
How does chilli taste?
辣椒的味道是怎样的？
How does pepper taste?
胡椒什么味道？
How does the ship appear?
这船看样子会怎样？
How ever do you find the time to make cakes?
你是怎么挤出时间来做糕点的？
How far is it to New York?
到纽约有多远？
How go the enemy?
现在几点了？
How have you been? 　　
你过得怎么样？
How insulting! His insolence is beyond belief.
太无礼了！他那蛮横无礼的态度难以令人置信。
How is it possible to expect mankind to take advice when they will not so much as take warning?
人类既然连警告都无意接受，有怎可能期望他们接受劝告？
How is your family?
你的家人怎么样？
How late are you open?
你们营业到几点？
How long do you wash the head once?
你多长时间洗一次头？
How long does this train stop at Zhengzhou?
这列火车在郑州要停多久？
How long have you been there?
你到这里已经多久了？
How long is the post tenable for?
这个职位任期多长？
How lucky you be!
你真幸运！
How many eggs do you need?
你需要多少鸡蛋？
How many others will come later?
待会儿还有多少人要来
How many pieces of baggage have you lose?
你总共遗失了几件行李？
How many visiting scholars have come?
有多少访问学者来了？
How much commission will you give if the transaction is our US$1,000,000?
成交额在一百万美元以上，你们给多少佣金？
How much did your new bicycle set you back?
你的新自行车花掉了你多少钱？
How much do you plan to invest?
你方计划投资多少？
How much does the camera cost?
这架照相机值多少钱？
How much is it per night?
每晚费用为多少？
How much is this line longer than that one?
这条线比那条线长多少？
How much of your salary goes for rent?
您的薪水有多少是用来付房租的？
How much will you give me for the car?
你想出多少钱买我这辆车子？
How often do you go there?
你多长时间去一次那里？
How old were you that year?
那年你多大岁数？
How ridiculous!
太荒唐了！
How she shall handle this matter troubled her greatly.
她该怎样处理这种事严重困扰着她。
How stupid/silly/clumsy/careless of me to break the vase.
我打碎了这个花瓶，我真是愚蠢／笨／粗心。
How the plan is to be carried out still needs to be discussed.
这个计划如何付诸实施还得要讨论。
How to keep the house clean drove the mother to her wit's end for she had three naughty children at home all day.
有三个淘气的孩子天天在家，如何使房子保持干净使妈妈一筹莫展。
How was your weekend?
你周末过得怎么样？
How will you describe the place?
你如何形容这个地方？
How would you feel about going to a baseball game tonight?
今天晚上去看一场棒球赛怎么样？
How's life?
你好吗？
How's your mother?
你母亲好吗？
However hard I worked she was never satisfied.
不管我工作如何努力，她从不满意。
However, many well-known scientists are sincere Christians.
不过，很多著名的科学家都是虔诚的基督徒。
Howl down the opposition
以吼叫声淹没反对的意见
Hullo! Who's that, taking my name in vain?
喂！是谁在那儿议论我？
Human intelligence—It is millions of years old but it never seems to act its age.
人类的智力——年纪虽有几百万岁，惟其行动似与其年纪绝不相称。
Hundreds come to pay their last respect to the dead president.
数以百计的人前来向总统遗体告别。
Hung four new paintings in the foyer.
在门厅悬挂展览四幅新的绘画作品
Hunt up references in the library
在图书馆里查找参考资料
Hurry for sign contract due competitor keen.
因同行竞争激烈，望尽快签订合同。
Husband of the sister of one's wife or husband
姐夫，妹夫（妻子或丈夫的姐姐或妹妹的丈夫）
I abstained from voting.
我弃权不投票。
I admire the way she is able to shrug off unfair criticism.
我很佩服她能对错误的批评意见不予理会。
I adore the little boy.
我非常喜欢这个小男孩。
I affirm I can like it.
我肯定我会喜欢它。
I agree up to a point, but things are not so easy.
在一定程度上我同意，但事情并不那么容易。
I agreed to take the children to the fair, but I refused to ride on the big dipper no matter how much they tried to persuade me; after all, you can take a horse to water but you cannot make it drink.
我同意带孩子们去游乐场，但无论他们怎样试图说服我，我也拒绝乘坐游乐场惯性车道；不要逼人做他不愿意做的事。
I almost forgot to have the phone disconnected.
我几乎忘记把我的电话停用了。
I always feel dry in this hot weather.
遇到这种炎热天气我总感到口渴。
I always like fishing.
我一向喜欢钓鱼。
I always take the afternoon flight to rome.
我总是乘下午的航班去罗马。
I am a Bridge.
我是一座桥。
I am a foreigner here; must I register with the police?
我是外国人；我必须向警方登记吗？
I am a seasoned and honorable English teacher with a unique way to train both fellow teachers and office personnel.
我是一位经验丰富，教学成效良好的英文教师，并有一套训练其他老师和办公事职员的独特方法。
I am about to drop.
我快累倒了。
I am afraid I can not comment on the issue.
恐怕我不能对此问题加以评论。
I am afraid I find this discussion a bit pointless.
我认为这项讨论恐怕有点无意义。
I am afraid it's wrong.
恐怕这是不对的。
I am afraid we can not permit that.
恐怕我们不能允许此事。
I am afraid you have not appreciated the urgency of the matter.
恐怕你还没有意识到这件事的紧迫性。
I am also permitted to refer to Professor Raymond Powell of the Education Department at the Normal college.
敝人也提请师范学院教育系鲍尔教授作证明人，已得到他的同意。
I am an under graduate then.
那时候我是大学生。
I am averse from any sort of fuss.
我讨厌任何无谓的纷扰。
I am big on movies.
我很喜欢看电影。
I am calling because we have not receive a response to our fax.
我打电话，是因为我们还没收到回复的传真。
I am closing my fifty-two years of military service.
我将结束我五十二年的军旅生涯。
I am curious how she will receive the news.
我很想知道她如何接受那消息。
I am disappointed(that) I missed the concert.
没能参加音乐会我很失望。
I am dreadfully sorry.
我非常惋惜。
I am ever so sorry.
我真是很难过。
I am feeling a bit air-sick.
我觉得有点晕机。
I am frightened to death(that) I will be dismiss.
想到我可能会被开除，我真吓得要死。
I am glad that we have agreed on term of the contract after repeated negotiation.
我很高兴经过反复磋商我们就合同条款取得一致意见。
I am glad we have come together at last.
很高兴我们终于取得了一致。
I am going to consult with my publisher about my forthcoming book
我将就我即将问世的作品与出版商交换意见
I am going to the bathroom during the next commercial.
下一个广告时间，我要上洗手间。
I am having trouble understanding this map. Can you show me where we are on the map?
我看不懂这张地图，你能指出我们现在是在哪里吗？
I am hot and thirsty!
我又热又渴！
I am in two minds about which to choose.
我决定不了挑选哪个好。
I am just passing through.
我只是过境而已。
I am longing to see my friend Jack again.
我渴望再见到我的朋友杰克。
I am more than ever persuaded that it was the right action.
我比过去任何时候都坚信这个行动是正确的。
I am no good at dancing.
我跳舞一点也不行。
I am not alone in thinking so.
并非只有我才这样想的。
I am not certain about it.
我不能肯定这一点。
I am not good at sports, but I like to watch them.
我不擅于运动，但我喜欢看。
I am not quite certain.
我不太确信。
I am not sure I follow him right. Does he mean(that) Sydney is an ideal place for old people?
我不清楚我搞懂了他的意思。他是不是说悉尼是老人们生活的理想场所。
I am not thinking of visiting my aunt.
我不打算去看望我婶婶。
I am obliged not to reject their proposal.
我没法反对他们的方案。
I am only too glad to go.
叫我去我真太高兴了。
I am phoning about the job as a part-time cook.
我打电话是想问一下关于非全日厨师职位的事。
I am quit satisfied with your qualifications.
我对你的资格条件相当满意。
I am ready to burst.
我简直胀破了。
I am regretting to have to inform you that two cases of them are so bad in quality.
我们遗憾地通知您，其中两箱，质量极为差劣。
I am scared stiff of meeting the director.
我很害怕去见这位所长。
I am six feet two in my shoes.
我穿着鞋子有六尺二寸高。
I am sorry I am late.
很遗憾我迟到了。
I am sorry I'm so late.
请原谅我来得这么晚。
I am sorry to bother you with all this.
打扰你这么多真对不起。
I am sorry to say I cannot come to the party.
很遗憾我不能来叁加宴会。
I am sorry, I do not think it will.
很抱歉，我觉得它不行。
I am sorry, but he moved to our Chicago office.
很抱歉，他调到芝加哥的分公司去了。
I am sorry, that's not allow.
对不起，这是不允许的。
I am sorry-she's out. Can you ring again later?
对不起－她出去了。你过些时候再打电话来好吗？
I am starting to bald noticeably.
我头顶明显地开始变秃了。
I am sure I have forgotten something, but it's too late now.
我肯定我已忘了一些东西，但是现在太迟了。
I am sure that, without modern weapons, I would make a very poor show of disputing the ownership of a cave with a bear.
我断定，如果我在没有现代武器的情况下同一只熊争夺一个山洞，我会出丑的。
I am sure you'll give us an acceptable price.
相信贵方会给我们一个可接受的报价。
I am terribly sorry about that.
听说这事我很难过。
I am thirty years old.
我三十岁了。
I am to visit Mr. Green tomorrow.
我明天要去拜访格林先生。
I am under contract so I must finish the job.
我有合同在先，所以必须完成这项工作。
I am very concerned(that) we may not meet the deadline on this.
我很担心我们可能无法指定时间内完成此事。
I am very pleased to present Mr. Robert Carlson, who will talk with us today about world economy.
我很高兴向诸位介绍罗伯特卡尔森先生，他今天将同我们谈世界经济问题。
I am weary of his preaching.
我听腻了他的说教。
I am wondering if you'd care to visit us next week?
不知您是否愿意下星期来我们家做客？
I am/He is/They are hound to fail/lose.
我／他／他们注定要输。
I applaud the performance.
我对表演喝彩鼓掌。
I arranged that they should be met by Tom.
我安排汤姆同他们见面。
I ask him what he have look for the day before.
我问他头一天他在寻找什么。
I asked a little girl to direct me to the bus stop.
我请一个小姑娘告诉我怎么去汽车站。
I asked her when she is going to do it.
我问她打算何时做这件事。
I asked him when they will be back.
我问他他们什么时候回来。
I asked the driver to put me off at the post office.
我请司机让我在邮局门口下车。
I ate fish with bones.
我吃带骨的鱼。
I bad spruced up my house before my mother came.
我母亲到来以前我把我的房子好好收拾了一番。
I beg leave to address the Council.
我请求允许向议会发表演说。
I beg your pardon, I didn't recognize you—I've changed a lot.
对不起，我不认得您呢——因为我变了许多嘛。
I begged him not to go out.
我恳求他不要出去。
I believe in your ability to solve the problem.
我相信你有解决这问题的能力
I believe there's a parcel for me.
我相信有我的一只包裹。
I believed him to be honest but his actions showed that he had feet of clay.
我原以为他是个诚实的人，然而他的举动却显示出他有不为人知的缺点。
I bet they were surprised by the news.
我确信这个消息会使他们大吃一惊
I blister easily.
我容易起泡。
I bought a new cigarette lighter and it broke. Now I'm$10 out of pocket.
我买了个新的打火机，可是坏了，我白花了10美元。
I bought some old78-rpm records at a flea market in the village hall.
我在村政厅的跳蚤市场上买了一些每分钟78转的旧唱片。
I bought this second-hand car dirt cheap.
我买了这辆旧车，便宜极了。
I broke my leg.
我摔断了腿
I buy ski item.
我购买滑雪器具。
I call up a client.
我打电话给客户。
I came across an old friend of yours while I was abroad.
我在国外时，遇到过你的一个朋友。
I came near to telling him just what I thought of the whole business.
我差点儿把对整个这件事的看法向他讲了。
I can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip.
我没有足够的时间和钱去旅行。
I can book you on american airlines flight144 at9:30 Saturday.
我可以给您订星期六上午9点30分美国航空公司144班机的机票。
I can do it better than himself.
我比他本人可以做得更好一些。
I can drop you off at normandie ave.
我可以在诺曼蒂大街让您下车。
I can form no estimate.
我无法估计。
I can hardly exist on the wage I'm getting; there is no money for luxuries.
我靠我挣的工资简直难以　口，根本无钱享受。
I can help you in so far as I can.
我会尽力去帮助你的。
I can lodge you for a week.
我可以留你住一星期。
I can never repay her many kindnesses to me.
我无法回报她对我的许多帮助。
I can not believe that we have to wear our suit coats. it's so hot!
我无法相信我们得穿西装外套。天气这么热！
I can not find word to express how much I like it.
我无法用语言表达我多么喜欢它。
I can not help think the same.
我不禁也有同样的想法。
I can not possibly lend you my camera.
我实在不能把我的照相机借给你。
I can not say work for$50 a month is very pleasant.
我不能说为每月50元的菲薄工资而工作是非常愉快的事。
I can not tell who's who when the women take off their makeup.
女士们卸了妆，我就分辨不出谁是谁。
I can only marvel at your skill.
我对你的技术只有感到惊叹。
I can read the book without a dictionary.
我能不用字典阅读书籍。
I can see from the telltale look in her eyes that she love him.
我从她那无法掩饰的眼神里可以看出她爱他。
I can sooner reconcile all Europe than two women.
朕调解整个欧洲较诸调解两个女人更快。
I can take up to four people in my car.
我的汽车最多能坐四个人。
I can type.
我会打字。
I can't afford it.
我买不起。
I can't bear this scent [the sight of it].
这气味[看到它]我受不了。
I can't carry it on my own; it's too heavy.
我一人拿不动，这东西太重。
I can't convey my feelings in words.
我的心情无法用语言表达。
I can't endure his unreasonable action.
我不能容忍他的无礼行为。
I can't find fault with the new restaurant: the food is good and the service is excellent.
我无法对那家新餐馆吹毛求疵：食品很好，服务也是一流的。
I can't get over his arrogant manners.
我受不了他那种傲慢态度。
I can't get this photograph off the page, it's stuck on.
我揭不下来这张照片，它给粘住了。
I can't go to work and look after the baby at they same time-I've only got one pair of hands, you know!
我不能同时既上班又照顾孩子——我只有一双手，这你是知道的。
I can't help you. You brought this on yourself.
我不能帮你，这事是你自己一手造成的。
I can't leave before I set my house in order.
在我没有把自己的事情安排妥当之前，我不能离开。
I can't manage with these poor tools.
用这些蹩脚的工具我可对付不了。
I can't pull this bush up, it's firmly rooted in the ground.
这棵矮树我拔不起来。它的根在地里生得很牢。
I can't recall how to do it.
我回忆起这是怎么做的了。
I can't say I'm at all pleased by your product.
我不能说对你们的产品满意。
I can't see the visitors right now. I have an urgent matter to attend to.
现在我不能接见客人，因为我有一件急事要办。
I can't stand it.
我受不了。
I can't stop to talk to you now. I'm pushed for time.
我现在不能停下跟你谈，我没时间。
I can't think of anything Fred and I would enjoy more right now than a weekend at Far Acres.
在远庄园欢度周末，使弗雷德和我极感高兴，我简直不知道眼前还有什么其他事情能比得上它。
I can't understand that man's psychology.
我无法理解那个人的心理。
I can't wait much longer.
我不能再等很久了。
I can't wrap up the peace talk in less than fifty pages.
我无法以不到50页纸的篇幅写出和平会谈总结。
I cannot but bless the memory of July Caesar, for the great esteem he express for fat men and his aversion to lean one.
我不得不求上天为纪念朱利叶斯·恺撒而祝福，因为他曾大力推崇胖子而又讨厌瘦个子。
I cannot forbear from expressing my opinion about your recent mistakes.
对于你最近的一些错误我不能不表示我的意见。
I cannot recommend the book too strongly.
无论我怎样竭力推荐这本书，也不嫌过分。
I cannot swim a stroke.
我完全不会游泳。
I caught a whiff of cigar smoke when I entered his room.
我走进他的房间时，闻到一股雪茄烟的气味。
I certainly see what you mean, but Mary is too young to do it.
我当然明白你的意思，不过玛丽太年轻不能做这事。
I check my weight.
我量体重。
I chose this subject as being easier to follow.
我认为这个科目较容易理解而选择它。
I combed out my room looking for that dictionary.
我搜遍了整个房间寻找那本字典。
I compliment you for fine work.
我钦佩你的工作能力。
I congratulate you on this marvelous opportunity.
恭喜你获得这样一个极好的机会。
I cook my own meal.
我自己开火（做饭）。
I could do with a good sleep.
我真想好好睡一觉。
I could have danced for joy.
我会高兴得想跳舞。
I could never forget the day that I joined the Party.
我永远忘不了我被接受入党的那一天。
I could now see what the detective was driving at: he was trying to establish my whereabouts on the night of the crime.
我现在能够明白侦探的意思了：他那时正试图确定案发那天夜晚我的行踪。
I could sense my mother's pain and the tension of holding back the strong emotions.
我能感觉到妈妈的痛苦以及她克制这种强烈感情的压抑心理。
I couldn't care less who wins the match.
我才不管这场比赛谁胜呢。
I couldn't get up anyhow.
我怎么也起不来。
I couldn't see a thing because my glasses had fogged up.
我看不见东西了，因为我的眼镜上布满了雾气。
I counter their plan with my own.
我用自己的方案去反对他们的计划。
I cut my hand on some broken glass.
碎玻璃割伤了我的手。
I dare say he'll come later.
我打赌他以后会来的。
I decided to do it then and there.
我决定当场立即就做。
I deeply respect her courage.
我深深敬佩她的勇气。
I develop films myself.
我自己冲洗照片。
I did it solely for his sake.
我完全为了他才做那件事。
I did not imagine that you would sink to cheating.
我没想到你会堕落到去行骗。
I did profit by the advice they gave me.
他们给我提的意见的确对我有很大好处。
I didn't buy the magazine last month; I must try to get hold of a back number so that I can catch up on the articles I missed.
我没有购买上月的杂志。我必须设法搞到过期的杂志以便能及时补读没读过的文章。
I didn't get the number of the car that knocked you over. It was gone in a flash. All I know is that it's a big, brown car.
我没有记下撞倒你的那辆汽车的车号，它一下子就开走了，我只知道那是一辆棕色的大轿车。
I didn't know you were in England.
我不知道你在英格兰。
I didn't notice it.
我没有看到它。
I didn't really know your age; it was just a wild guess.
我真的不知道你的年纪，那只是瞎猜而已。
I didn't see Mr.Thompson, but I saw Prof. Smith.
我没有看到汤普森先生，但我看到了史密斯教授。
I didn't think you'd need it.
我没有想到你会需要它。
I disagree with you about this.
对于这件事，我跟你意见不一样。
I dislike living in a large city.
我讨厌住在大城市。
I do envy you. You are so beautiful!
我真羡慕你。你多美啊！
I do not altogether agree with you.
我并不完全同意你。
I do not care to study English today.
我不喜欢今天念英文。
I do not get any static on my set.
我的电视机没有静电干扰。
I do not know how I can thank you enough.
真不知道怎样感谢您才好。
I do not know what I'll do, if I can not find the money.
如果我找不到那笔钱，我真不知怎么办才好了。
I do not know whether overweight this letter.
我不知道这信是否超重了。
I do not like raw onions in my salad.
我不喜欢在我色拉里的生洋葱。
I do not mind in the slightest.
我一点儿也不在乎。
I do not realize it is a double feature.
我原先不知道这是双片连映。
I do not say you are the one that start the scandal, but if the cap fit, wear it.
我们没说你是带头把这丑闻传开来的发起人，但如这一顶帽子合适，就扣上吧。
I do not speak so well as you do.
我没有你说得那么好。
I do not think it will take long to finish the work.
我认为这项工作不需要多少时间就可完成。
I do not think they can argue the question out tomorrow.
我认为明天他们无法将这个问题辩论清楚。
I do not want to be in the boss line of fire today.
今天我不想遭到老板的非难。
I do some research.
我搜集一些资料。
I don't allow him to do this work, because he's not fitted to the task.
我不允许他去做这项工作，因为他不适合。
I don't believe you need worry.
我看你不必发愁。
I don't care how much make-up costs these days. That's not the point; you're still not getting any more pocket money.
我不管目前化妆品的价格如何，这不重要，但你仍旧得不到更多的零用钱。
I don't collect the interest but plough it back into my savings account.
我不把利息取出，总把它再存入储蓄帐户。
I don't feel able to get the job.
我觉得不能得到这份工作。
I don't find much time to play billiards these days, but I don try to keep my eye in at the weekends.
现在我没有很多时间打台球，但为了不荒疏球艺，就在周末打打。
I don't grudge the expenses.
我不吝惜这项费用。
I don't hold with these modern ideas.
我不赞同这些现代思想。
I don't know either boy.
我不认识这两个男孩。
I don't know how many people joined the parade.
我不知道有多少人叁加该游行。
I don't know how to solace his grief.
我不知道如何安慰他使之减轻悲痛。
I don't know much about China; therefore I can't advise you about it.
我对中国不甚了解，所以向你提不出什么建议。
I don't know the writer, but I have heard of him.
我不认识这位作家，但听说过。
I don't know what to think about their decision to close the school.
我不知道该如何对待他们关闭这所学校的决定。
I don't know whether they did it by accident or by design.
我不知道他们这样做是偶然的，还是故意的。
I don't know why she's marrying that appalling man; I wouldn't touch him with a barge-pole.
我不明白她为什麽要嫁给那个糟糕透顶的人，我连理都不愿意理他。
I don't like black or white.
黑色或是白色我都不喜欢。
I don't like him, but to give him his due, he is a good singer.
我不喜欢他，但是说句公正话，他是个好歌手。
I don't like oranges even though I know it's good for my health.
我不喜欢吃橙子，虽然我知道它对我的健康有好处。
I don't like the look of those rain clouds and think we should return home while the going is good, before it rains and we get soaked.
我讨厌好些雨云，我想我们应该在天还未下雨，我们还没被淋湿以前及时赶回家。
I don't like to bring my work home. I'd rather stay late at the office.
我不喜欢把工作带回家做。我宁愿在办公室里熬夜。
I don't like your talking to me like that.
我不喜欢你和我这样讲话。
I don't mind the children's comings and gongs.
我并不介意孩子们进进出出。
I don't now what has set up this irritation in your throat.
我不知道是什么引起你喉咙发炎。
I don't really think the question is all that important I don't want to make a meal of it when I address the meeting.
我确实认为这个问题不是那么重要！在会上发言时，我不想把事情说过头。
I don't see fit to tell him all our plans.
把我们的全部计划都告诉他，我看不太合适。
I don't see why this plan should not work well.
我不明白为什麽这个计画会不顺利。
I don't think I have a particularly good chance of getting the job, but it's certainly worth trying for.
我看得到那份工作的可能性并不很大，不过争取一下肯定是我值得的。
I don't think he looks his age of seventy.
我感到他看起来不像70岁的人。
I don't think much of his ideas.
我认为他的一些看法并不怎么样。
I don't think that's important. At least planes have the best safety records.
我觉得那并不重要。至少飞机的安全飞行纪录还不错。
I don't think this cheap carpet will stand up to much wear.
我认为这条廉价的地毯经不起经常的磨损。
I don't think your plan will work.
我认为你的计划行不通。
I don't want her to toss in her opinion while I ma speaking.
我不想她在我发言时插入自己的观点。
I don't want to do her good. I just want to keep her out of sight and mind.
我不想对她行善，我就是不想见到她，免得心烦。
I don't want to interfere with you; proceed with your work.
＂我不想打扰你了，你继续工作吧。＂
I don't want to talk to her because it will only spark off a row.
我不想同她说话，因为那只会引起争吵。
I don't wish to give trouble to anyone.
我不想给任何人添麻烦。
I doubt that I'll do anything tomorrow.
明天我恐怕什么也不做。
I drank him down.
我把他灌醉了。
I drew the curtain as it was getting dark.
天黑了，我把窗帘拉上。
I dropped some small change into the collecting tin.
我把一些硬币投进募捐罐里了。
I eat too much again this year.
今年新年又吃得太多了。
I enjoy having beer with seafood.
我喜欢一边喝啤酒一边吃海鲜。
I enjoyed it very much.
我非常喜欢。
I envied him his talent. I know I could never paint a picture like that never in a thousand years.
我羡慕他的天才。我知道，那样的画我根本画不出来，哪怕画到来生来世也办不到。
I expect I'll get a bollocking from my boss when she find out.
我看，让老板娘知道了，我得挨一顿臭训。
I expect to see better with my new glasses.
我指望戴上新眼镜能看得更清楚。
I failed in persuading him.
我未能说服他。
I fancy that dress.
我喜欢那件衣服。
I fear that they must have set off.
我怕他们已经动身了。
I feel a bit out of form today; I'm afraid my tennis won't be up to your standard.
我今天略感不适，恐怕我的网球水平达不到你的标准。
I feel awkward as everyone except me is in evening dress.
我感到很尴尬，因为除了我，谁都穿上了夜礼服的。
I feel dizzy [groggy, listless, sore all over, a bit chilly].
我头晕[身子软，没有精神，全身酸疼，有一点凉]。
I feel highly honored to be invited to the state banquet.
我对受邀出席国宴感到荣幸之至。
I feel like a drink now.
现在我想喝点饮料。
I feel nothing but contempt for such dishonest behaviour.
我对这种不诚实的行为只有蔑视。
I feel sick.
我觉得想呕吐。
I feel that when there are so many better people for the chairmanship, I should stand aside.
有那么多比我强的人在争取议长的位置，我觉得自己应该退出竞争。
I feel washed out. Let's call it a day.
我觉得疲乏了。今天就干到这里吧。
I felt a certain indisposition to face reality.
我多少有些不愿意面对现实。
I felt deeply sorry for him.
我为他深感难过。
I felt my flesh crawl as he described the murder.
他描述凶杀案时我浑身直起鸡皮疙瘩。
I felt someone twitch at my coat.
我觉得有人猛拉我的衣服。
I felt uneasy at my wife's absence.
妻子不在使我感到担心。
I finally had to sell the car, but it had served its turn.
我最后只好把汽车卖了，不过也算是物尽其用了。
I find her condition very worrying.
我发现她的状况非常令人担忧。
I find it easy to make friends with most people, but I just can't get on with Tyrone.
我觉得我很容易同大多数人友好相处，但我就是不能同蒂龙友好相处。
I find stamp collect relax and it take my mind off my work.
我发现集邮能够令人放松并使我暂时忘却我的工作。
I find the situation very worrying.
我觉得形势很令人担忧。
I flatly refuse to come.
我断然拒绝来。
I forgot about the oven and the roast has frizzled up.
我忘了看炉火，结果把烤肉全烤干了。
I found her in.
我发现她在家。
I found it hard to identify with any of the characters in the film.
我对这部影片里的任何角色都难以认同。
I found the gun aiming straight at me.
我发觉枪口直指着我。
I gained the impression that the matter has been settled.
我得到的印象是事情已经解决了。
I gave him a book.
我给他一本书。
I gave the car a thorough going-over.
我把汽车彻底检修了一遍。
I get a bang out of all this.
这个我玩得过瘾。
I get drink.
我喝醉了。
I get the job on the strength of your recommendation.
承蒙足下推荐，我已获得这份工作。
I get your drift now, I think. If you mean by"integrity", what I would call"consistency" then we've been arguing at cross-purposes.
我想现在我明白你的意思了。如果你所说的“正直”就是我所说的“一贯性”，那么我们刚才的争吵就是彼此误解了。
I give you my word for the fact.
我向你保证那是事实。
I go out for a long walk when I feel anxious; it helps me to work off steam.
我感到忧虑时，就外出长时间的散步，这样有助于我消愁解闷。
I go to the next bar.
我接着去下一家酒馆。
I got a second-class ticket on the train to New York.
我弄到一张去纽约的二等火车票。
I got hollered at for not doing my homework.
我因为没做功课而被责骂。
I got shafted in that deal.
我在那次交易中受骗。
I got this lump on my head by walking into a glass door that I hadn't seen.
我没有看见那个玻璃门，撞了上去，头上肿起了一个大块。
I grabbed at the falling boy and was just quick enough to draw him out of the path of a lorry.
我伸手抓那摔倒的男孩，总算还来得及把他从卡车面前拖出来。
I grew up right here in Beijing.
我就是在北京长大的。
I guess I've outgrown this pair of trousers.
我想我穿不下这条裤子了。
I guess what is happening from a few words she let fall.
我从她说的几句话中猜出发生什么事了。
I had a good night's sleep in a hotel and was feeling very full of beans.
我在旅馆里睡了一个好觉，感到精神好极了。
I had a quick flip through the book and it looked very interesting.
我很快翻阅了一下那本书，看来似乎很有趣。
I had already noticed out of the corner of my eye that the package cam form France.
我眼睛一瞟，已经看到那包裹是从法国寄来的。
I had been writing to you when you called on me.
在你来访之前，我都在给你写信。
I had hoped that it would be possible for me to be there, but I now find the rush of business makes it impractical.
起初我希望能够出席此次大会，但现在发现公务繁忙，故不能到会。
I had little in common with the others and it soon became obvious I was only there on sufferance.
我同其他人很少有共同之处，事情很快就搞清楚了，我只是勉强获准呆在那里的。
I had no alternative but to accept the offer.
我除了接受该项提议之外，别无选择。
I had not realized the magnitude of the problem.
我没意识到这个问题的重要性。
I had so many queries at once yesterday that I didn't know whether I was coming or going.
昨天我一下子产生了很多的疑问，以致我不知如何是好。
I had to assert myself in the meeting in order to ensure acquisition of the new book.
我在会上不得不坚持自己观点以保证得到那本新书
I had to knock the branches back to reach the hut.
我得把树枝推开后才能到达棚屋。
I had to stoop to the child's height to hear what he was saying.
我得把腰弯到孩子的高度来听他说话。
I had wanted to see it.
我本想看看它。
I hankered for a good cup of coffee.
我真想喝一大杯咖啡。
I hardly ever see them nowadays.
近来我很少见他们。
I hate dealing with large impersonal companies.
我讨厌与那些没有人情味的大公司打交道。
I hate interrupting you, but
我不想打断你，但是……
I hate to interrupt a man when he's busy working.
＂一个人忙于工作时，我最不愿打搅了。＂
I have a bad cold and must lie up for a day or two.
我严重感冒，得躺一两天了。
I have a collect call from Johnson. Will you accept the charges?
约翰逊有个对方付钱的电话给你。你接吗？
I have a few observation to make on your conduct.
我对你的行为有一些看法要说。
I have a headache(stomachache).
我头痛（胃痛）。
I have a lot of interesting friends.
我有许多有趣的朋友。
I have a pen, but I have lost it.
我有一支钢笔，但我把它丢了。
I have a suggestion to make.
我有一个建议（想提）。
I have access to his office.
我可以进出他的办公室。
I have an appointment with Mr. Wang at3: 15.
我同王先生三点一刻有个约会。
I have authorized him to act for me while I am away.
我已经委托他当我不在的时候代我处理。
I have been fully occupied in compile this book these days.
这些天来我一直忙于编写这本书。
I have been scouring the city for an overcoat with fur lining.
我一直在这个市里四处寻找一件毛皮里的大衣。
I have been working hard all morning.
我辛辛苦苦地干了一上午活。
I have but one pencil.
我只有一支铅笔。
I have corresponded with him for some years, but I have never met him in the flesh.
我已和他通信联系好几年了，但一直未与他本人见过面。
I have done it.
我已做了那件事。
I have every reason to be confident of our victory.
我有充分的理由坚信胜利是属于我们的。
I have five year's experience of office work.
我有五年从事办公室工作的经验。
I have get it right in my mind.
这事我已记在脑子里了。
I have gotten two left feet-I can not dance.
我笨手笨脚的，不会跳舞。
I have here our price sheet on a fob basis. The price is given without engagement.
这是我们以船上交货价为基准的价格单，所报价格没有约束力。
I have juice, cereal, toast, and tea(coffee) for breakfast.
我早饭吃果汁，麦片粥，烤面包和茶（咖啡）。
I have just retired. I want to buy a small house in the country.
我刚刚退休。我想在家乡买一幢小房子。
I have looked at most of the available material on American.
我已看过大多数有关美国的可寻材料。
I have made some progress since I entered the university.
我进大学以来，已取得一些进步。
I have mislaid my key to the door.
我不知道把门钥匙放到哪里了。
I have neither any pen nor ink.
我既没有钢笔也没有墨水。
I have never known her do a disinterest action; she's always on the make.
我从未见她做过无利可图的事情，她总是追名逐利。
I have nightmares about falling off a cliff.
我作恶梦梦见从悬崖上摔下来了。
I have no experiences.
我没有经验。
I have no indication of his decision.
我看不出他有作决定的表示。
I have no opinion of him.
我对他没有好感。　
I have no share in the matter.
我没有叁与该事，我与该事无关。
I have not any trouble with my set.
我的电视机还没有出过故障。
I have not saw him this morning.
今天早晨我没看见他。
I have not told him about it.
关于这个我还没有告诉他。
I have nothing to say in reply to your question.
对于你提的问题，我没有什么可回答的。
I have only3 of heart left, so the fourth trick I have to give.
我只剩红桃3，所以第四墩牌我只好让掉了。
I have read of people living several weeks on nothing but a glass of water a day.
我曾读到一段记载，说有人不吃东西，单靠1天只喝1杯水活了几个星期。
I have requested that all my credentials be forwarded to you. They should reach you shortly.
我已要求将所有证明材料寄往你处，想不久即可收到。
I have seen this happen more than once.
发生这种事我屡见不鲜。
I have some news to tell you.
我有些消息要告诉你。
I have starved.
我饿了。
I have talked with him this morning about his study.
今天早晨我跟他谈了他学业的事。
I have three brothers.
我有三个兄弟。
I have to be well preparing with you.
跟你打交道不得不做好准备。
I have to do the work by next month.
我得在下月前干这项工作。
I have to have my set fixed. It's get blurred.
我得请人修我的电视机了。它的图像模糊不清。
I have to pay my bill mow. The name is Jack London. Room254.
我现在得付账了。姓名是杰克伦敦，254房间。
I have to wait a full hour for the bus.
我等公共汽车足足等了一小时。
I have tried to get my point across.
我已尽力让我的观点清晰明了
I have warned you not to meddle with married women, it always leads to trouble.
我警告过你不要同已婚女子胡来，那样总是会惹麻烦的。
I haven't been to a cinema for I don't know how long.
我都记不清楚究竟有多久没看过电影了。
I haven't got a clue about the train schedule.
我一点都不知道这个列车时刻表。
I haven't heard your reply yet.
伯伯没有回答我。
I haven't seen Charlie for a dog's age.
我好久没有见到查理了。
I haven't taken much exercise during the winter but I must get into shape before the beginning of the cricket season.
冬天，我没有进行太多的训练，但我准备在板球赛季开始前再恢复训练。
I hear form Mr. Black that you are getting married. Congratulations!
我听布莱克先生说你要结婚了，恭喜你！
I hear that you broke the bank at the Monte Carlo last week.—Yes, I won￡100, 000.
听说你上周在蒙特卡洛的赌博中全胜。—是的，我赢了10万英镑。
I hear you were inquiring for me in my factory.
我听说你在我们厂里找我。
I heard from my parents yesterday.
昨天我收到了父母的来信。
I heard something scraping along outside the window.
我听到窗外有什么东西飞擦过去。
I heard you've thrown up your job and are now looking for a new one.
我听说你已经辞去了你的工作，在找新的工作。
I helped him move all the furniture and filing cabinets up two flights of stairs to the next floor, and what did he give me for helping him? Sweet Fanny Adams!
我帮他把所有的家具和公文柜搬上两段楼梯，运进另一个楼面。至于我对他的帮助，他给了我什么呢？什么也没有！
I hit the man fair and square on the jaw.
我不偏不倚击中了那个人的下巴。
I hop you are all geared up for the mew sales campaign.
我希望你们都为新的销售活动做好准备。
I hope I remember to ask the barber not to cut my hair too short.
我希望我记得要要求理发师不要把我的头发理得太短。
I hope he learns the music very much.
我非常希望他学音乐。
I hope nothing's happened to him; he should have been here hours ago.
我希望他没出什么事，他几小时前就该到这儿了。
I hope that the trade occupies your valuable time to me.
我希望我贸易侵占你的宝贵时间。
I hope the two countries will cool off a bit, or there will be a war.
我希望两个国家都冷静一点，否则将有一场战争。
I hope this proposal go through...I doubt it, though.
我希望这提案能通过，……可是，没信心。
I hope to live along shore.
我希望住在海边。
I hope you can be here to help me again.
我希望你能在这儿，再帮帮我的忙。
I hope you don't mind my asking, but where is the president's office?
我希望您不介意我问您问题。您知道总裁的办公室在哪儿吗？
I hope you make a success of your new life in Canada—and don't forget to keep in touch.
我希望你在加拿大的新生活能成功，不要忘了保持联系。
I hope you will look sharp about this.
我希望这事你快点办。
I hope you'll be well soon.
祝你早日恢复健康。
I hope you've understood by now what I mean.
我希望你现在已经理解我的意思。
I hurried to the ticket-office.
我赶紧到售票处。
I in spirit, flew into the sky.
我在想像中飞上了天空。
I instilled the need for kindness into my children.
我不断向孩子们灌输仁慈的必要。
I interpret his answer as a refusal.
我把他的回答理解为拒绝。
I judge you're right.
我想你是对的
I just can't tell you how glad I am to see you.
我简直无法形容见到你我有多么高兴。
I just had a chance to speak, when my son burst in.
我刚有说话的机会，可这时我儿子又插了嘴。
I just turn the piece of wire in the lock and hey presto, the door open.
我把金属丝伸到锁孔里一拧，嘿，那门就开了。
I keep replacing the plug but it won't stay in.
我一再把头进去，但它很快就松落了。
I knew all along that we would win.
我一向认为我们能取胜。
I knew that he would go out and buy everything he saw, because the money was burning a hole in his pocket.
我知道他会出去，见到什么买什么的，因为他钱不花光就不痛快。
I know I never shall have loaned it to you.
我早知道不该把书借给你。
I know a bit about shoes and I can see the quality in the shaping and stitching.
我对制鞋是了解一些的，从鞋样和针脚上我能看出质量的高低。
I know he behaves badly---it all has to do with the bad company he keeps.
我知道他的行为不端——这一切都与他所交的坏友有关。
I know her face but I can't call her name to mind.
我认得她，但想不起她的名字了。
I know it is true.
我知道那是事实。
I know not, neither can I guess.
我不知道，也猜不着。
I know that he didn't open your letter and the envelope came unstuck.
我知道，他没拆你的信，是信封自己脱开的。
I know the new regs by heart.
那些新规章我背得出来。
I know well through my hands the sculptured gods and goddesses of the ancient Nile-land.
我通过我的手很好地了解了雕刻的古代尼罗河土地上的众神，
I know who is there.
我知道谁在那里。
I know you have always thought you could do anything you turned your hand to, and mostly you could.
我知道你一直认为你能干好你要做的任何事情，而且大多数你都能干好。
I know you're so grieved at your son's death.But you should try to roll with the punch.
我知道你儿子的死使你悲痛欲绝，但你应该挺住。
I latched on to their conversation.
我仔细倾听他们的谈话。
I learned from Richard's letter that you are ill in bed. I hope you will get well soon.
从Richard的信中得知你卧病在床。我希望你能很快康复。
I leave the house at seven ten every morning.
我每天早上7点十分离家。
I left home and went to Paris hoping to find true love, but life in the city offered me only Dead Sea fruit.
怀着寻找真爱的希冀，我离开了家，来到了巴黎，但城市的生活给我留下的仅有幻灭与失落。
I lend him$50 and he promise to pay me back in a month.
我借他50美元，他答应一个月后付还。
I licked my chops when I thought of that huge bonus.
我一想到有那么一大笔红利就垂涎三尺。
I like aisle seat.
我喜欢靠走廊的座位。
I like comedy film.
我喜欢喜剧片。
I like him and his wife; he is so ladylike, and she's such a perfect gentleman.
我喜欢他与他的太太；他是如此像个大家闺秀，而她又这么十足一位上流绅士。
I like it iced.
我喜欢冰镇的。
I like my coffee black.
我喜欢我的咖啡不加牛奶。
I like running and swimming, but I don't like hunting.
我喜欢跑步和游泳，但不喜欢打猎。
I like the first item better than the second one.
同第二项相比，我更喜欢第一个项目。
I like them fried.
我喜欢油煎的。
I like to get away to the woods for a month or so each year and really rough it.
我喜欢每年抽一个多月的时间到森林里过一过原始的生活。
I like to sit back and rest in the evenings.
我喜欢在晚上什麽也不做，好好休息。
I like you better than him.
我喜欢你甚於喜欢他。
I listened to the news on the radio last night.
我昨夜从无线电广播听到了这消息。
I live on Queen Street.
我住在女皇大街。
I long to be seductive and tempting. What's Helen got that I haven't got?
我真希望自己富有迷人的魅力。为什么海伦就比我强呢？
I look up and see the Soviet flag on the moon.
我抬头看见苏联的国旗在月球上飘扬。
I looked over his faults.
我原谅了他的过失。
I lost my way in the heavy fog.
我在大雾中迷路了。
I love the land where I was born.
我爱我出生的国家。
I made a few mistakes and she picked me up for them.
我犯了些错误，她为此斥责了我。
I made certain after I had examined his wounds that he could not possibly live.
在检查了他的伤势以后，我就确信他不可能活下来。
I mail a letter on my way home.
我在回家的路上寄了封信。
I make my assistant my agent while I am abroad.
我请我的助手在我出国期间做我的代理人。
I manage to hold my anger in leash until she have go.
我压住火儿她在场时没有发作。
I may be able to help you in some way.
我也许可以从某个方面去帮助你。
I mean business.
我是当真的。
I measured my swimming ability with his by racing him across the pool.
我与她比赛游过游泳池，同他较量游泳的能力。
I met Mr. Watson on several occasions.
我见过瓦逊先生好几次。
I met him by a happy chance.
我由於运气好而遇到他。
I might do it if I wanted to.
如果我想做，我可能会做。
I missed the beginning of the film.
我没能看到这部影片的开头。
I much prefer cats to dogs.
猫和狗之中我更喜欢猫。
I must apologize for calling you so late.
实在抱歉，这么晚给您打电话。
I must bone up on my French before we go to Paris.
在我们去巴黎之前，我必须刻苦学习法语－。
I must consult the others about the matter.
关於这件事，我必须和其他人商量。
I must fly.
我必须快去。
I must get this through hands at once.
我必须立刻完成这件工作。
I must have a hole in my head to think you can be trusted.
我一定是疯了，竟然认为你是可以信赖的。
I must insist on more regular hours.
我必须强调起居定时。
I must nip round to the shop for some milk.
我得赶快到商店转一圈买点儿牛奶。
I must remind my secretary to book the flight for New York.
我必须提醒我的秘书预定去纽约的班机。
I must say I take great exception to what you said.
我得说我对您说的话十分反感。
I must settle down this morning and finish the term paper.
我今天上午必须安下心来完成学期论文。
I must warn you beforehand that I shall tell them everything.
我要事先向你说明，我要把一切都告诉他们。
I nearly missed the train.
我险些误了那班火车。
I need a piece of string to tie this parcel up.
我需要一根细绳把这包裹扎起来。
I need one volume to complete my set of Dickens.
我只差一本书就可配齐狄更斯全集了。
I need to get away and rest up a little.
我需要离开然后休息一会儿。
I needed more money and so I decide to take the bull by the horn and ask my boss for more pay.
我需要更多的钱，因而不畏艰难去向老板要求增加工资。
I never drink whisky: in fact, I hate it like poison.
我从不喝威士忌：实际上，我对这种酒非常厌恶。
I never heard of such a thing!
这样的事我从来没听说过！
I never oversleep.
我从不睡过头的。
I never saw an athletic girl that thought she was strong enough to do indoor work.
我从未见过一个自己认为强健到足以做家务的女运动家。
I never told them what I suspected.
我从没对他们讲过我怀疑的事。
I nodded to show that I agreed.
我点头表示我同意。
I noticed her standing by the window.
我注意到她正站在窗户旁。
I observed that he looked very pale.
我说他脸色看来很苍白。
I often hear her singing this song.
我常常听到她唱这首歌。
I often work until nearly6: 00 o'clock each day.
我每天经常工作到将近六点钟。
I only just managed to stop myself from shouting at him.
我极力控制住自己没对他喊叫起来。
I only went on his account; I didn't really want to go.
我只是为了他才去的，我并不真想去。
I ought to give a reply.
我应该给答复。
I owe my butcher$10, but he can whistle for it.
我欠肉店老板十美元，可是他是要不回的。
I own to being uncertain about that.
我坦白承认对那件事还没有把握。
I particularly want to see that film.
临别的言行（尤指不友好的或恶意的）。
I pay all that money and the thing do not work!
我花了那么多钱，这东西居然不能用。
I pick up my attached case.
我拿起我的公文包。
I placed an order with them for500 pair of shoes.
我向他们定购了五百双鞋子。
I played cards, read, went for a walk-anything to take my thoughts off the decision I knew I must make.
我打牌、看书、散步－总之做所有的事情来使自己不去想那自知必须要做的决定。
I possessed my temper despite the insult.
虽然受到侮辱我还是按捺住怒气
I prefer beer above all other drinks.
我喜欢啤酒甚於其他一手饮料。
I prefer straight play.
我更喜欢纯戏剧。
I prefer to have it near me.
我想把它放在身边。
I pretended not to notice how quiet he had become.
我装着没有注意到他已经变得多么沉静了。
I promise.
我保证。
I propose to give only a general survey of the subject; I shall not go into details.
关于这一专题，我打算只讲一个概况；我不想详谈细节。
I pushed and pushed at the heavy box but could not move it.
我一次次地推那个重箱子，可怎么也推不动。
I put my foot down and the Zephyr gathered speed up the slope.
我踩大油门，西风牌汽车加速爬上了斜坡。
I puzzled over it for hours before it finally clicked.
我对这一问题茫然不解，几小时後终於顿开茅塞。
I quivered with fear at the sound.
我听见那种声音就吓得发抖。
I ran back to retrieve the bag I had left in the train.
我跑回去找回忘在火车上的包。
I rather doubt if such an ambitious scheme could be made a success of.
我真怀疑这样一个雄心勃勃的计划是否会成功。
I read it in the local rag.
我从本地的报纸上看到了这条消息。
I read the"Guardian" and so does Mr. Peter.
我读《卫报》，彼得先生也读。
I really can't remember what you said last night.
我确实记不得你昨天晚上说的什么。
I really don't know what he meant by that.
我其不知道他这是什么意思。
I really hate to believe it.
我真的不愿意相信。
I really talked turkey to Frank and told him that he could not go on ignoring his family obligations.
我老实不客气地告诉弗兰克，他不能再把照顾家庭的职责放在一边不管了。
I received a flood of letters this morning.
我今天早晨收到一大批来信。
I reckon they will not come this evening.
我估计他们今晚不会来了。
I recommend that you inquire about the job.
我建议你打听一下这项工作。
I refuse to shop at that store any more, they are well known for putting it on.
我再也不到那家商店买东西了，他们要价过高是闻名的。
I regret not completing the inventory on time.
我很遗憾没有按时填好库存单。
I regret to say we cannot see our way clear to fund the project.
我很抱歉，我们无意为此项工程提供资金。
I remember having heard him mention it.
我记得曾经听他提到过那件事。
I remember telling you about it once.
我记得和你谈过一次。
I repeated my question several times and at last he understood.
我把问题重复了好几遍，他终于明白了。
I respect your opinion, of course. However, there are too many accidents on the road.
当然，我尊重您的意见。但是公？上交通事故太多了。
I roomed with Smith in college for two years.
我和史密斯在大学里同房间（住过）二年。
I rustle up a few helper to hand out leaflet.
我找到几个助手散发传单。
I said that it might rain.
我说可能会下雨。
I sat out the play last night tough it was quite uninteresting.
尽管昨晚的戏很无聊，但我还是坚持看到完。
I saw a figure approaching in the darkness.
我看见黑暗中有个人影走近。
I saw her safe home.
我把她平安送到家。
I saw him pop his head in at the door.
我看见他突然把头伸进门来。
I saw my younger brother reaching into the cake tin.
我看见弟弟正将手伸进饼干罐里。
I saw the boss going about the office with a long face.
我看见老板绷着脸在办公室里走来走去。
I saw three children running away with your brother.
我看见三个小孩与你弟弟一起跑掉了。
I say goodbye.
我说再见。
I scarcely have a few minutes I can call my own.
我难得有属于我自己的几分钟。
I searched through all my papers.
我翻查了所有的文件。
I see him kissing her.
我看见他在吻她。
I see no objection whatsoever.
我没有任何异议。
I see the answer in some book.
我在某一本书中见过答案。
I see why it won't work.
我明白它是为什么出故障了。
I see. I'll report the fault to the manager.
我明白了。我会把这问题告诉经理。
I seized him by the collar.
我抓住他的衣领。
I sense that fellow's Italian hand in this matter.
我感觉到那家伙在幕后操纵这件事。
I sent the letter first class on Monday.
星期一我已把信用快递寄出。
I sewed tabs with my name on in all my school clothes.
我在我的每件校服上都缝上一块写有我名字的布片。
I shall be glad if you will send me patterns with your lowest prices and best discount for cash.
您若能寄样品，并附上最低价格和付现款的最高折扣率，则非常感谢。
I shall be pleased if you will help me with my work.
如果您帮我工作我交非常高兴。
I shall die again and again to know that life is inexhaustible.
我将死了又死，以明白生是无穷无尽的。
I shall have got my skates on if I want to buy anything before the shops close-it's5 o'clock!
5点了！如果我想在商店关门前买点儿什么，就得赶紧。
I shall keep this new suit for special occasions, as I have two others that I want to wear off before I take it for everyday use.
这套新衣服我留了出客穿，因为我还有两套衣服要先穿坏，然后才穿这套新的作为日常服装。
I shall miss you very much.
我会非常想念你的。
I shall not see the shadows.
我将看不到荫影。
I shall say your interpretation is perfectly correct.
我得说您的解释是完全正确的。
I sharpen pencil.
我削铅笔。
I should consider myself failing in my duty if I did not point this out.
如果不指出这一点，我就认为自己是失职了。
I should leave that question alone if I were you.
我要是你，这问题我就不管。
I should like to put forward a suggestion/proposal: merge the two firms into a big one.
我想提一个建议／提议：把两家公司合并成为一家大公司。
I should refuse.
我会拒绝。
I shouldn't go in and see him now if I were you. He's having one of his bad days, swearing at everything and everyone.
如果我是你，我现在就不会进去找他。他这会儿心情不好，见谁骂谁，看什么都不顺眼。
I shouted to the driver of the tractor to pull over and let me through.
我向拖拉机手喊，要他把拖拉机开到路边让我过去。
I simply can't go rushing off to visit distant relative. I've scarcely time to turn round these days.
我简直连匆匆忙忙去看看远房亲戚也不能；近些日子我几乎抽不出一点时间来。
I sit through all three performances but none of them is any good.
三个节目我都从头看到尾，可是没一个节目是精彩的。
I smell with it.
我用鼻子闻东西。
I soon lost myself in the excitement of the film.
影片中的刺激情节很快就把我吸引住了。
I spend most of my time scouting around for book.
我把大部分时间都用来找书了。
I spent some time in working over these books.
我花了一些时间去好好研究这些书籍。
I spoke to Wang Fang-- Professor Pan's wife-- and told her what you said.
我与王芳——潘教授的妻子——交谈并告诉她你所说的话。
I stand out in a group interview.
在集体面试中脱颖而出。
I started as soon as your message got through to me.
一接到你的信我就立即动身了。
I still believe they incline to that way.
我仍然相信他们的倾向是这样的。
I still read as much as ever. I don't mind paying for good books.
我仍象从前一样喜欢看书。买好书，我不惜花钱。
I stop with my brother while I am in Beijing.
我去北京总是住在哥哥家里。
I strongly incline to the view that we must make full use of the existing technical equipment.
我赞成这样一种意见，即我们必须充分利用现有的技术设备。
I stumbled across this silver bracelet in the junk shop down the road.
我在马路边的那家旧货商店里，无间中发现了这个银手镯。
I suggest that...
我觉得[认为]
I support the campaign because I'm in tune with its aims.
我支持这一运动，因为我同它的目标是一致的。
I suppose so, but do not pour too much water into it.
我看要以，但是水不要放得太多。
I supposed that the minister will sanction my clerical effort, but they do not.
我想牧师们会支持我的神职工作，可是他们却没有。
I suspect that part of your nervous problem may be the smothering attitude of your family and you need to get out and try your wings a bit.
我想你胆小的原因部分是由于你家人的那种令人窒息的态度，你需要摆脱出来发挥自己的才能。
I sweated blood on that job yet he didn't even thank me!
我累死累活地干，然而他甚至连谢也不谢我！
I take a"sportsman's oath."
我做选手宣誓。
I take it you wish to marry her.
我以为你想和她结婚。
I take the odd bit of exercise, but nothing regular.
我偶尔稍微锻炼一下，但无规律。
I taught her to ride a bicycle.
我教她骑自行车。
I tell him to speak on any subject he want.
我已告诉他想谈什么就谈什么。
I tend to prefer have a holiday at seaside.
我往往更喜欢在海滨度假。
I think I am quite a good artist, but your painting put mine in the shade.
我原以为自己画得不错，可比起你的画儿来未免相形见绌。
I think I have quite a good chance of getting the job, but I will not put my shirt on it.
我认为自己很有可能得到这份工作，可是我不想把宝全押在这上面。
I think I will fall, thus I lean against on the desk in order to hold up oneself.
我以为我要摔倒了，因而我靠在书桌上以稳住自己。
I think I'll leave it
我想我不要它了
I think I'm right, though I can't cite you chapter and verse what the law says on this point.
我认为我是对的，尽管对于这一点我说不出确切的法律依据。
I think autumn is the most beautiful season.
我觉得秋天是最美的季节。
I think he must be a policeman, he keeps fishing for information.
我想他一定是警察，他不断拐弯抹角地打听情况。
I think it a great honor, (honour) to accept your invitation.
我认为能受到您的邀请是我无上的光荣。
I think it is no use telling them about it.
我认为把这事告诉他们没有什么用处。
I think it'd be a great idea to cooperate with them.
我想和他们合作是个很棒的主意。
I think nobody will dissent from the government's policy.
我认为没人会对政府的政策持异议的。
I think she may have lose a bit of weight.
我想她体重可能减轻了一些。
I think that man is just hanging out for a better offer.
我想那人拖延时间只是为了等人家出更高的价钱。
I think the drink must have gone to his head, he doesn't usually sing in public.
我想他一定是喝醉了，他平时是不当众唱歌的。
I think the settings for this musical comedy is good.
我觉得这个音乐喜剧的布景不错。
I think things are mending there.
我看那里情况正在好转。
I think we can knit up the friendship if we are tactful.
我认为如果我们灵活一点的话，我们的友谊是能恢复的。
I think we have to revitalize our society.
我觉得我们的社会需要新生。
I think we'd better give you a few test.
我看最好还是给你做些化验。
I think you have the Wrong number.
我想你打错号码了。
I think you should raise your sights. You're underestimating yourself.
我认为你应该有远大志向，你过于低估自己了。
I think you're mistaken about that.
我认为，在那件事情上你错了。
I thought I had the dog fast but he has slipped the collar.
我原以为已经把狗拴牢了，没想到它逃脱了。
I thought he had risen above lying to his mother.
我还以为他已不再向他母亲撒谎了。
I thought perhaps I could find work and save up the fare.
我想我或许能找到工作攒足这笔车费。
I thought they would chime in.
我想他们会同意的。
I thought you would have finished it by now.
我以为到现在为止你已经做完那件事。
I thumbed through the report quickly on the train.
我在火车上翻阅过这份报告了。
I told him it didn't matter what I said to my wife and carried the war into the enemy's camp by demanding why he thought he could speak to her in the way that he did.
我告诉他不论我对妻子说什么都没关系，我还反驳说，他为什么认为他能用那种方式对她说话。
I told the child to behave.
我告诉那孩子要规矩
I took Mary to lunch she insisted on going Dutch.
我带玛丽出去吃午饭，但她坚持要平摊费用。
I took her under my roof and gave her every help I could for two years.
我把她接到我家住下，并尽力在各方面帮助她达两年之久。
I took the hint and left at once.
我领会了暗示立即离开了。
I totally agree with you.
我完全同意你的意见。
I tried on the pants, but they were too tight.
我试穿过这件衣服，但它太紧了。
I tried to cheer her up by telling her the news.
我把这消息告诉了她，想使她高兴起来。
I tried to give him some advice, but he brushed all my suggestions to one side.
我试着给他提点建议，但他对我所有意见都置之不理。
I tried to shame her into voting in the election, but she has no sense of public duty.
我试图迫使她在选举中投票，可是她却没有公共责任感。
I tried, but failed, to drum into him where his drinking was leading.
我反复给他讲酗酒会带来何种后果，可我失败了。
I try to be punctual in getting dinner on the table.
我一向设法让晚餐菜肴准时上餐桌。
I turned my head and saw the profile of a man.
我转过头，看见了一个人的侧影。
I understand from... that you wish to have an agent in this market.
我从。。。获悉，你方想在这个市场上有一个代理人。
I understood the tenor of his speech but not the details.
我懂得他讲话的大意，但不懂其中的细节。
I used to get them new plaything to keep them quiet.
我过去总是给他们买新玩具来使他们安静。
I used to see three films a week in the golden days when cinemas were flourishing.
在过去电影业处于旺盛时期，我一个星期看3部片子。
I used to work until nearly6: 00 o'clock each day
我过去每天都工作到将近6：00。
I usually take the air on the lawn before I go to bed.
我睡觉之前常在草地上散散步。
I visualize having to fire some of the workers.
我预想到必须解雇一些工人。
I waited for him to get the rest of the spleen out of his system.
我等着他把心头的余努全部发泄出来。
I walked into a door in the dark and gave myself this black eye.
在黑灯瞎火中，我一头撞到门上，成了这种眼青鼻肿的样子。
I want a message form, please.
我要一张电报纸。
I want all the existing paint stripped off and new undercoat and gloss applied. I want a thorough job, with no half measures.
我要把原有的油漆全部铲去，并要涂上新的内涂层和上光剂。我要彻底地干一下，决不马马虎虎。
I want none of your leavings.
我不要你留下的东西。
I want the one next to the green one.
我要绿颜色旁边的那个。
I want to book a ticket for Harbin.
我要买一张去哈尔滨的车票。
I want to deposit these cheque in my account.
我想把这些支票存入我的帐户。
I want to give you a present. What will you like?
我要送你件礼物，你喜欢什么？
I want to have words with those two girls at the back of the class.
我要训训坐在教室后排的那两个女生。
I want to know what's wrong with me, Doctor; please tell me straight from the shoulder.
医生，我想知道我的病情，请直截了当地告诉我。
I want to place a call to Paris hotel. Can I dial direct?
我想给巴黎大酒店打一个电话，我可以不可以打直拨？
I want to send a telegram to Edinburgh, please.
我想拍一封到爱丁堡的电报。
I want to talk business.
我要谈正经事。
I want you in three ranks by that wall, jump to it!
我想让你们靠墙站成三列，快！
I want you to understand clearly that America doesn't have to be in decline. America can be on the upswing. We can have better jobs and better pay. We can make this country that we want it to be.
我们大家清楚了解，美国不是非走下坡不可。美国可心蒸蒸日上。我们可以有更好的工作，更好的待遇。我们想要美国成为什么样的国家，它就会成为什么样的国家。
I wanted to discuss my company's outstanding account.
我想谈一下我公司丰厚的利润。
I wanted to tell him the secret, but the words stuck in my throat.
我本想告诉他这一秘密，但是话到嘴边却又停住了。
I warned you of the danger [risk], didn't I?
我给你说过有危险，是吧？
I was about to raise my offer far the farm when a neighbour cut the ground from under my feet by offering a sum that I couldn't possibly match.
我正打算开价买下这个农场，不想一个邻居提出了一个我无法相比的价格，而使我的想法破灭。
I was almost choked by the smoke.
我被烟呛得几窒息。
I was annoyed, indeed furious, over what happened.
出了这件事我很不痛快，实际上是愤怒已极。
I was being whisked off to the other side of the room before I knew what was happening.
我还不知道发生了什么事就被迅速带到屋子的另一边。
I was born in the east, but now live in Los Angeles.
我出生于东部，但现在住在洛杉矶。
I was clear that it should not have been done.
我确信那件事是不应该做的。
I was deeply impressed with the changes brought about by the project.
这一工程带来的变化给我们留下了很深的印象。
I was expecting, and the doctor advised me not to smoke at all.
我当时怀着孩子，医生建议我绝对禁烟。
I was frantic to finish the report on schedule.
我十万火急地要按预定时间完成报告。
I was going to take some bricks from the building site but a wee small voice stopped me from doing it.
我打算从建筑工地上拿些砖头，但是良心的呼声阻止了我这样做。
I was in on what you were doing at that time.
我已知道你那时所干的事。
I was just about to call you.
我正准备打电话给你。
I was late for work yesterday,
我昨天上班迟到了。
I was made to move my car.
人家让我挪动了车子。
I was not at home at that formal reception.
在那个正式的招待会上我不知所措。
I was only mildly interested in the story I read in the newspaper.
对从报上读到的那个故事我只是略感兴趣罢了。
I was perfectly well five minutes after my fall, but my, hostess insisted on sending for a doctor.
我摔倒5分钟之后就完全好了，但我的女房东一定要我去看医生。
I was rather taken aback by his rudeness.
他粗俗无礼，使我吃了一惊。
I was sentenced to five days for contempt of court and now everybody thinks I'm a jail-bird.
我因蔑视法庭被判了5天刑，结果现在大家都认为我是一个囚犯。
I was so sleepy that I could hardly keep awake.
我是那么困，简直要睡着了。
I was squirted with water.
我被水喷湿了。
I was surprised at what he said, to say the least.
毫不夸张地说，我对他的话感到吃惊。
I was talking to Hilda on the phone but we were cut off before she could tell me all the latest gossip.
我正在同希尔达通着电话，但在她还未能把最近的流言蜚语全部告诉我，电话中断了。
I was tickled pink when I found I had won a prize in the lottery.
当我得知我购买彩票得了奖后，我非常高兴。
I was torn between the two alternatives.
我面对两种选择进退维谷不知何去何从。
I was up late last night so I had a cat nap at my desk today.
我昨夜很晚才睡，所以今天趴在桌子上偷偷打了个小盹儿。
I was walking down the street, when I suddenly saw a car bump against a huge pine.
我在街上行走时，突然看见一辆轿车撞到一棵大松树上。
I was yoked to a pleasing fellow.
我和一个有趣的家伙在一起。
I wasn't claiming that Bob was a world-class sprinter, but he could show his heels to you anyway.
我并非声称鲍勃是一个世界级的短跑运动员，但不管怎样，他会把你远远甩在后面的。
I watched the boat till it was out of sight.
我望着那条小船，直到看不见为止。
I weighed out half a kilo of flour and added it to the mixture.
我秤了半公斤面粉，加到混合物中。
I went no farther that day.
我今天没有取得进展
I went through my part of the bargain, but you didn't go through your part.
这笔交易我已履行我的承诺，但是你还没有履行你的那一份。
I went to sleep immediately and slept soundly all night.
我很快就睡着了，而且整夜都睡得很熟。
I will accept that if I were you, or we'll have to cancel it.
如果我是你，我就接受，不然我们就不是不把它取消了。
I will ask Mary to usher you out.
我会让玛丽把你领出去的。
I will broach your idea to the committee.
我要把你的想法提交委员会考虑。
I will consider it open to question if the campaign will a success.
我认为这场竞选运动能否成功还不确定。
I will expose his all lawless actions.
我将揭发他全部的不法行为。
I will go round to his office and have a talk to him.
我要到他的办事处去跟他谈一谈。
I will lay you a bet.
我和你打赌。
I will make a note of that man's name.
我会记下那个人的名字。
I will never willingly go anywhere by boat, much less go on a cruise.
我到哪儿去从来都不愿意坐船，更不用说为了兜风了。
I will not go the length of insisting on it.
我并不是主张非那样不可。
I will not want you to have truck with the family.
我不想让你和这个家庭交往。
I will remember you forever, Mr. Smith, I was in you debt.
史密斯先生，我将永远记着你，我受过你的恩惠。
I will send ahead to the restaurant to order a table
我要提前派人给饭店送个信订一桌。
I will tell you my story.
我来告诉你我的经历。
I will write objectively about your country.
我将客观地报导你们国家的情况。
I wish I could be a master of this subject.
但愿我能精通这门学科就好了。
I wish I could, but it's my mom's birthday.
我希望我能去，但那天是我妈妈的生日。
I wish I hadn't to turn out in this cold, foggy weather.
在这寒冷而多雾的天气里，我要是不必外出该有多好。
I wish I were clear of debt.
我多么希望不欠债。
I wish he would wear a coat.
要是他愿意穿上外衣就好了。
I wish once again to express our warmest welcome to you.
我愿意再次向你们表示最热烈的欢迎。
I wish there was windows to my soul, so that you could see some of my feelings.
我真希望我的灵魂有个窗户，使得你能够看到我的一些感情。
I wish to nominate Jane Morrison for president of the club.
我想提名简莫里森为俱乐部主席。
I wish you a pleasant trip.
祝你旅途愉快。
I wish you to go at once.
我希你立刻去。
I wish you wouldn't keep butting in on our conversation!
我希望你不要在我们谈话时不断地插嘴！
I woke up and was greeted by bird song.
我一觉醒来，鸟鸣之声不绝于耳。
I won't be visiting England next year.
来年我不会去英格兰游览。
I won't go, and that's final!
我决心不去，这是不能改变的！
I won't see him until his anger has cooled down.
我要等他火气消了才会见他。
I wonder at the fact that he survived.
我对他居然活了下来感到惊讶。
I wonder if I can get the money back.
我不知道我能否把钱取回来。
I wonder if she has returned yet.
我不知道她是否已经回来了。
I wonder if we can alter the time of our meeting to next Thursday. Something's come up.
不知我们能否反会面的时间改在下星期四。有件事冒出来。
I wonder if you supply toys.
不知贵公司是否供应玩具。
I wonder what he is at by doing so.
我不知道他这样做是什么意思。
I wonder what's behind his sudden change of the plan.
我真不知道他突然改变计划的原因是什么。
I wonder whether you need a loan.
你们是不是要求贷款。
I wonder(that) none of you were hurt.
我纳闷怎么你们谁也没受伤。
I work from Tuesday to Saturday, and Sunday and Monday are my days off.
我从星期二到星期六工作，星期日和星期一休息。
I wormed the secret out of them.
我慢慢地从他们那里探知了秘密。
I would certainly disdain to live in such tiny flats.
我当然不愿意住在这样小的单元房里。
I would have got away with coming in late if Harry hadn't sold me down the river and told the foreman.
如果不是哈里出卖我告诉了工头，我是不会因迟到而受惩罚的。
I would like to endorse any choice you make.
我愿意认可你做出的任何选择。
I would never have thought of it if you hadn't mentioned it.
如果不是你提起的话，我肯定想不到。
I would rather stay than otherwise.
我宁愿留下来而不愿做别的。
I wouldn't climb to the top of that ladder, no even if you paid me.
无论如何我也不愿爬到那个梯子上顶端。
I wouldn't leave London for all the world.
无论如何我也不离开伦敦。
I wouldn't recommend you to go there alone.
我劝你不要孤身一人到那里去。
I wouldn't want to annoy the bouncer on the door of the night club; he's a nasty piece of work.
我不想与夜总会那看门的人交往，他是个令人讨厌的家伙。
I wrote a book of short biographies as a pot boiler while waiting to begin work on my next novel.
为了赚钱我写了一本短篇传记集，与此同时，我期待着开始写下一部小说。
I you go to that place look out for trouble.
如果你到那地方去，小心遇上麻烦。
I'd be most delighted if you can help me.
如果您能帮助我，我很高兴。
I'd better jot it down.
我最好把它记下来。
I'd expected to be much better.
我本来预计会更好。
I'd have passed out if I'd known it.
我要是知道这事，我都会吓晕了。
I'd like a job with your outfit.
我想到您的单位原著份活干。
I'd like a wake-up call, please.
我想设定早晨的呼叫铃。
I'd like my coat lined with fur.
我希望我的外套用毛皮衬里。
I'd like some steak and bread.
我要牛排和面包。
I'd like to ask a question if I may.
如果可以的话，我想提一个问题。
I'd like to charge this call to my hotel room.
我要把电话费记在我的房间帐单上。
I'd like to fly to Glasgow on the fifth of May.
我想5月5日飞往格拉斯哥。
I'd like to help you, but I'm afraid I'm not in a position to do so.
我是愿意帮你忙的，但是我现在没有能力这么做。
I'd like to know what else needs clarifying.
我想知道还有什么需要澄清。
I'd like to meet Denise.
我想会见丹尼斯。
I'd like to remind him( that) we are now in Asia.
我想提醒他我们现在是在亚洲。
I'd like to send a dozen red roses.
我想订一束红玫瑰。
I'd like to take this.
我想要这个。
I'd like to write two checks for fifty dollars each.
我想开两张每张50美元的支票。
I'd like you to sit in on this meeting.
我希望你旁听一下边次会议。
I'd love to, but my father's go to call at me.
我倒是希望来的，可是我的父亲要来看我。
I'd prefer something secretarial.
我希望某种有关秘书事务的工作。
I'd rather it would not be true.
我宁愿这不是真的。
I'd rather that he stay at home.
我宁愿他留在家里。
I'd rather you write them.
我宁愿让你来写。
I'd swear that's Eddy from circulation.
我看好象是发行部门的艾迪。
I'll attend to it right away.
我马上处理此事。
I'll be damned!
真想不到！
I'll be here by nine.
我会在九点之前到这儿来。
I'll be right there.
我马上就到。
I'll be there.
我会去的。
I'll bear your suggestion in my mind.
我会记住你的建议的。
I'll bring the price down to50 mark a piece, if you are going to make a big purchase.
如果您打算大量购买，我就把价格降到每件50马克。
I'll call for you early tomorrow morning.
我明天一早来约你一起去。
I'll certainly do that.
我一定会的。
I'll collect you at seven.
我七点来接你。
I'll do all I can to obtain the contract.
我要尽一切可能拿到这个合同。
I'll do my best, Sir.
我将尽力而为，先生。
I'll excuse you: you may go now.
我同意（你不来），你可以走了。
I'll fit you up with a bed at my flat.
我可以在我的寓所里为你提供一个床位。
I'll get back to you soon.
我一会儿就给你回电话
I'll get upsides with him some day.
有朝一日，我总要和他把账算得互不相欠。
I'll give you a definite answer on Friday at the latest.
我最迟星期五给你一个确切的答复。
I'll go along to the film with you.
我陪你一起去看电影。
I'll go skiing of the weather permits.
天气允许的话，我会去滑雪。
I'll have a day off next week.
下周我有一天假。
I'll have just a taste of cheese.
我只要吃一点点乾酪。
I'll have to get this letter off by tonight.
今天晚上我得把这封信寄出去。
I'll have to swallow about a handful of pills to get to sleep, and then I won't wake up if the phone rings, damn and blast it.
我得吃一把药片才能入睡，可那样一来，电话铃响我也醒不过来了，真是糟糕透顶。
I'll hurl him out of the club if he dare tell the secret!
如果他胆敢泄密，我就要把他赶出俱乐部。
I'll just run through these letters, and then we'll go out.
我把几封信赶快看一遍，然后我们就出去。
I'll knock again, Helen. Everything's very quiet.
我再敲一下，海伦。一点声音也没有。
I'll let you borrow my lawn mower if I can use your electric drill; after all, fair exchange is no robbery.
如果我能用你的电钻，那我就借给你我的割草机，公平交换绝非强夺。
I'll make you an offer of￡5 for it.
我愿意向你出价五镑把它买下来。
I'll need your complete address with the zip code, Mr. Kelly.
希望你告诉我地址全称及邮码，凯利先生。
I'll not wag an ace further.
我一步也不再动啦。
I'll plump for bacon and eggs rather than breakfast cereal.
我宁愿吃咸肉和鸡蛋，而不愿吃谷类制作的早餐食品。
I'll put this lunch on my expense account.
我要把这顿午餐记在我的开支帐户上。
I'll revenge on you one day, so help me God.
我发誓，总有一天我会找你报仇的。
I'll rustle up some eggs and bacon for you.
我给你弄些鸡蛋和腌猪肉。
I'll see to it that we are back before4.
我来想法使我们在4点以前回来。
I'll send you a brochure.
我给你一份小册子。
I'll soon get into the way of things.
我很快就会适应环境的。
I'll stand you a dinner.
我要请你吃一顿饭。
I'll take care of it.
我来办这件事。
I'll take you at your word.
我就按你说的吧。
I'll tell of you if you don't stop hurting my arm!
你把我的手臂弄疼了，再不住手我就去告你！
I'll tell you what.
我将告诉你些什么
I'll try and sing the baby to sleep.
我试用歌声使婴孩入睡。
I'll undertake for your security.
我将保证你的安全。
I'll work out the schedule.
我来拟定时间表。
I'm a better player than he is any day of the week.
我的球艺无论如何都比他的好。
I'm a night owl and seldom go to bed until after midnight.
我睡得很晚，经常半夜后才睡觉。
I'm afraid I can't speak for Geoff, but...
很抱歉，我不能代表杰夫说话，但是。。。
I'm afraid I spilled ink all over the tablecloth.
恐怕我把墨水撒得满桌布都是。
I'm afraid Mr. Smith is unavailable now.
对不起，史密斯先生现在不在。
I'm afraid my cooking skills don't run to fancy cakes and desserts.
恐怕我的烹调技术还达不到能做出各种花式糕点。
I'm afraid that this shipment was not up to your own standard.
我恐怕这批货达不到你们自己的标准。
I'm afraid we are in for a spot of trouble.
恐怕我们是一定要遇到麻烦了。
I'm afraid you should compensate us by5% of the total amount of the contract.
贵公司要赔偿我方合同全部金额的百分之五。
I'm all mixed up.
我完全搞糊涂了。
I'm an orphan. I used to work for the family that lived here.
我是个孤儿，过去我给住在这儿的这家人干活。
I'm beginning to suffer from rheumatism, and at times I feel like a right old crock.
我开始患风湿病了，常感觉似乎真象一名老朽了。
I'm busy now. I will call you back later.
现在我忙着呢，以后再给你回电话。
I'm considering studying calligraphy or Chinese painting. I will look for a teacher as soon as I find an apartment and pay my tuition at school.
我正在考虑要学书法还是中国画，我找到一间公寓并付了学校的学费之后，会立刻找一位老师。
I'm disappointed in your work; it has dropped below its usual high standard.
我对你的工作感到失望；它不及你的高水平。
I'm employed in the car industry, for my sins.
我受雇于汽车制造业，真倒霉。
I'm fed up with this kind of life.
我厌烦了这种生活。
I'm fine and dandy now, but before I saw you I was feeling extremely blue.
现在我好多了，但没见到你前，我简直一点精神也没有。
I'm getting mixed up in my old age.
我有点儿老糊涂了。
I'm glad to hear that
听到这消息我很高兴。
I'm glad you thought of this hotel where you stayed last year.
我非常高兴你想起了去年曾住过的这家旅馆。
I'm going to a rock and roll concert tonight.
我今晚正要去参加摇滚音乐会。
I'm going to give you a pain-killing injection. In a minute or two, when it takes effect, you'll feel much better.
我给你注射一针止痛剂，一两分钟后，药剂一生效，你就会感觉好多了。
I'm going to speak out against the committee's decision.
我打算大胆地说出反对委员会决定的意见。
I'm goosebumps all over when I see a snake.
我一见到蛇就浑身起鸡皮疙瘩。
I'm home.
我回来了。
I'm in a tight corner just at present.
我眼下的处境十分不妙。
I'm interested in buying a new car.
我很想买一辆新轿车。
I'm just one player on the team.
我只是这个球队中的一名球员
I'm longing for him to come home.
我非常盼望他回家。
I'm moving out no offence to you or the people who live here, but I just don't like the atmosphere.
我要搬出去了－－请你或住在这里的人不要见怪，我只不过是不喜欢这里的空气罢了。
I'm not all that keen on baseball.
我根本就不喜欢棒球。
I'm not feeling quite well.
我有些不好受。
I'm not guessing, I really know.
我不是在猜想，我真的知道。
I'm not made of money, you know!
你知道我又不是财神爷！
I'm not selling my present house until I know I have somewhere else to go, otherwise I might be in the soup.
在我还不知道去哪里之前，我先不卖我现在的房子，否则我就会陷入困境。
I'm not sure whether the headmaster will throw him out or give him a second chance. It's a complete toss-up.
我不敢肯定校长是要开除他还是再给他一次机会。这完全是个说不准的事。
I'm not very strong on dates.
我不善於和异性朋友约会。
I'm on the track of a valuable painting.
我在追寻一幅珍贵的油画。
I'm positive he's right.
我坚信他是正确的
I'm rather bad at dancing.
我的舞跳得不好。
I'm really steamed up about people who throw papers in the park.
我可真生那些在公园里乱扔废纸的人的气。
I'm sick of it.
我都腻了。
I'm so glad you didn't hurt yourself-when you fell out of bed.
你从床上跌下来竟没摔着，我真高兴。
I'm sorry I can't come, I come, I have too much on.
对不起我不能来，我手头的事太多了。
I'm sorry I snapped at you just now.
对不起，我刚才不该对你嚷嚷。
I'm sorry but that's where I draw the line; I won't help him to cheat.
对不起，我只能做到这一步，我不能帮助他行骗。
I'm sorry to butt in, but I have to disagree with you.
对不起，我打断你了，可是我不得不与你持相反的意思。
I'm sorry to hear that you have fallen on hard times; what can I do to help?
我很遗憾，听说你遭到了不幸？我能帮什么忙吗？
I'm sorry to trouble you, but...
对不起打扰您一下。。。
I'm sorry, I don't understand; I don't know what you're getting at.
对不起，我不明白，我不知道你意指什么事。
I'm sorry, sir, we have no record of your booking.
对不起，先生，我们这儿没有您定房的纪录。
I'm still screwed-up about the accident.
我仍对那次事故耿耿於怀。
I'm sure he needs no introduction.
我相信他不需要介质。
I'm sure the information I have given you is correct, for it was told me by someone who is in the know.
我可以肯定我给你的情报是可靠的，因它是一个知内情的人告诉我的。
I'm sure you've remembered/you'll remember, but the negotiation is in Room201.
我肯定您记得，但我还是要提醒您谈判在201房间进行。
I'm telling you this on the side.
我偷偷告诉你这件事。
I'm tired of always cleaning the house by myself. Can't you help me?
我对总是由我自己打扫房间很烦躁。你就不能帮我一下？
I'm tired out. I've had a long journey.
我出了一趟远门，很疲乏。
I'm trying to get in touch with my brother.
我正设法与我兄弟取得联系。
I'm used to hard work.
我习惯于艰苦工作。
I'm very grateful for your offer. However I've done it by myself.
我很感激您的帮助。不过，我已经自己做了。
I'm very well indeed, thank you.
我真的非常好，谢谢。
I'm worried about Keith. He's been off his oats for a week now.
我很担心基思，他已有一个星期不太想吃饭了。
I've already sent on my luggage.
我已先将行李寄走。
I've as yet only once lighted on use of the word in the plural.
至今我只有一次发现这个词用复数形式。
I've been done out of my rights.
我的权利被人骗取了。
I've been in a flat spin trying to get everything ready for our holiday.
我一直在惊慌之中尽力为我们的休假作好一切准备。
I've been on the run all day and I'm exhausted.
我整天忙个不停，疲於奔命。
I've been toying with the idea of moving abroad.
我一直胡乱想著移居国外好不好。
I've booked you in at the Grand Hotel.
我已经在格兰大饭店为你预定了房间。
I've come up for my bag, I left it in my office.
我上来取我的手提袋，我把它忘在我的办公室了。
I've done all I can.
我已尽了全力。
I've forgotten how to do this; will you remind me?
我已经忘了这该怎么做，你肯提醒我一下吗？
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
我放弃看书了，我发觉看书会使我连自己也给忘掉。
I've got a date with Rita this Saturday night. Can you recommend a good restaurant for us?
本周六晚上我和莉塔有个约会。你能给我们推荐一家好的餐厅吗？
I've got an appointment for this afternoon.
今天下午我有一个约会。
I've got quite used to working in the pit.
在矿井工作我已经很习惯了。
I've got to think up something to wear for the fancy dress party.
我得想出去参加化妆舞会时应穿戴的东西。
I've had a foul morning; everything's gone wrong.
我今天早上真倒霉，样样事情都不顺利。
I've had nothing to show for all these thirty years of work.
我对于这三十年来的工作，没有什麽成绩可言。
I've heard tell of strange sights than that!
比这个更奇特的景象我都听说过！
I've just had a brainwave; I know a new approach to the difficult problem!
我刚才灵机一动，突然想出了一个解决这一难题的新办法！
I've known her for years.
我认识她好几年了。
I've looked through all my papers but I still can't find the contract.
我已经仔仔细细地查看了我的所有文件，但是还没有找到那份合同。
I've met Bobby walking with his mother, and he cut me dead.
我碰见博比和他妈一起走过，他不理睬我。
I've never denied it, you see.
你瞧，这一点我从来没否认过。
I've never played it, but I like to give it a try.
我从没下过，但是我愿意试一试。
I've no idea how word got out that you were leaving.
我不知你将离去的事是怎么传出去的。
I've only dipped into the book, but from what I've seen it is well written.
我只是浏览了一下那本书，但根据我所看到的东西，那是一本写得很好的书。
I've put my entire life into apple-pie order.
我把自己的一生都安排停当了。
I've received your message and passed it on to those whom it concerned.
我已接到了你的口信，并已转达给所有有关的人。
I've seen you buttering up the boss!
我看见你巴结老板来著！
I've started the housework because I have my heart in it.
我已开始做家务，因为我有兴趣。
I've tried Cantonese, Hunan and Szechwan food and they differ quite considerably.
我试过广东，湖南和四川菜，他们都颇为不同。
I've written a letter of complaint to State Rail; somebody has got to carry the banner for better standards of service.
我已写一封抱怨信给国家铁路部门，总得有人要支持提高服务标准。
ISP(Internet Service Provider)
互联网服务供应商
Icy roads are dangerous.
结冰的道路是危险的。
Identifying object
辨别物品　
If Dad catches you you'll be in the soup.
如果爸爸抓住你，你就要倒楣了。
If I can be of service, do not hesitate to call on me.
有用得着我的地方，尽管来找我。
If I could only latch onto some of your know- how.
要是我能有一点你的那种决窍就好了。
If I fall asleep at the wheel wake me up.
如果我开车时睡着了，就叫醒我。
If I had enough money, I would have bought that car.
如果我有足够的钱，我早就买下那辆车了。
If I had seen her I should have invited her.
要是我看到了她的话，我就会邀请她了。
If I have company on the way, the walk to the village seems to take only half the time.
如果路上我有人同行，步行到那个村子就只要用很短的时间。
If I lose this job, I shall have to be prepared to rough it for a period until I find something really suitable.
如果我丢掉这份工作，我将不得不准备过一段时间的清苦日子，直到我找到真正适合于我的事情做。
If I owned texas and hell, I'd rent out Texas and live in hell.
如果得克萨斯州与地狱是我的，我会把得克萨斯州租出去而住进地狱里。
If I tell you this secret, don't spread it around.
要是我把这项机密告诉你，可不要把它传出去了。
If I went with her, I'd have to be back by five o'clock.
假如我和她一起去的话，我就得在五点钟以前回来啦。
If I were you I should paint it green.
我要是你的话，我就会把它油漆成绿色。
If I were you, I wouldn't go without saying goodbye.
如果我是你，我不会不道别就走。
If Jane keeps on nagging at her husband like that, he'll leave her.
如果简老是喋喋不休地骂她的丈夫，她丈夫就会离她而去的。
If Robert botches up his driving test again, I doubt if he'll ever pass it.
如果罗伯特这次驾驶考试再考糟了，我怀疑他这辈子是否还能考及格。
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it's cannot save the few who are rich.
自由社会如果不能帮助众多的穷人，也就无法挽救少数富人。
If a man own land, the land own him.
人有了地，等于地（也占）有了人。
If a war broke out, many other countries will be affected.
一旦战争爆发，许多国家都要受到波及。
If any guest failed at the eleventh hour, Todd was asked to dine.
如果有什么客人到时不能来，托德就会被请来凑数。
If anything should occur, ...
如果发生什么事情的话，
If everyone does his part, the project will surely be a success.
如果大家都尽责，这个项目肯定会成功。
If he bothers you again I'll give him an earful.
如果他再来烦你，我就训他一顿。
If he dies without leaving an heir, his lands will revert to the state.
如果他死后无继承人，其土地将复归国家所有。
If he gets tanked up again, who will drive us home?
如果他又灌醉了，谁开车送我们回家呀？
If he had won the competition, he would have got a one-million-dollar award, but he wasn't even put into the first three.
若他赢得那项比赛，他将获1印万美元的奖金。可他连前3名也未进去。
If he knows, how can I look him in the face again?
他要是知道了，我怎么好意思再见他？
If he says that again I'll kill him with my bare hands!
要是他再说一遍，我会赤手空拳打死他。
If he wants my vote he'll have to take a stand on the question of free trade.
如果他要我投他的票，他就必须在自由贸易问题上采取坚定的立场。
If he would only get his finger out we would get the job done in half the time.
如果他能不再浪费时间，迅速开始工作，我们就可以用一半的时间把工作做完。
If his plan isn't approved of by the Committee, all his work will have been wasted.
如果委员会不同意他的计划，他便前功尽弃了。
If it is food, clothing, furniture or what have you that you need, place your order with us. We can supply it.
如果是食品，服装，家具，或诸如此类的东西，均可向我们订购。我们都可供应。
If it were fine tomorrow, I would go shopping.
如果明天天气好，我就去买东西。
If it's a letter from Mary, read it out, Mother.
妈，如果是玛丽的来信，就大声念念吧。
If my aim can come true, I hope(wish) to be a teacher.
如果我的志向能实现的话，我就希望成为一个老师。
If necessary, please warehouse the goods.
如有必要，请将该货存入仓库。
If one hears bad music it is one's duty to drown it in conversation.
如果听的是讨厌的音乐，以谈话来把它淹没是每个人的义务。
If only he had lived up to his philosophy of life, they would not have minded his talking over their heads.
要是他真的实践了他的人生哲学，他们是不会计较他的高谈阔论的。
If our club is really democratic, then very little pip-squeak has the right to say what he thinks.
如果我们俱乐部是真正民主的话，那么每个小人物都有权力畅所欲言。
If prices were uncontrolled, it would be the old-age pensioners, the lowly paid-it is these people who would go to the wall.
如果物价的上涨控制不住，倒霉的将是年老的养老金领取者和低收入者。
If she hopes to keep her job, she'll have to buck her ideas up a bit.
她要想保住她的职位，就得更加机警一些。
If she would only pull her finger out, we would get the job finished in half the time.
如果他努力干，我们只用一半的时间就可以完成这项工作了。
If something's bothering you, get if off your chest.
假如你有什么不通快的事，把它说出来吧。
If the Man Higher Up is ever found, take my assurance for it, he will be a large, pale man with blue wristlets showing under his cuffs.
如果有一天找到那匪帮的头子的话，我敢担保，他一定是个脸色苍白的大个子，袖口底下露出蓝色的护腕带。
If the collar won't stay in place, you'd better pin it back.
如果领子不牢稳，你最好用别针把它别住。
If the engine is heard to be knocking at any time, it must be slowed down at once.
不论什么时候如果听到发动机有撞击声，都必须立刻降低运转速度。
If the ink sinks in it'll be hard to remove it.
如果墨水渗入，要除去就很困难。
If the opponent's heart break3-2, I have a sure thing.
如果对方的红桃是3－2分配，我就稳操胜券了。
If the sheets aren't aired properly, they won't be dry; put them in the airing cupboard.
被单晒得不够是不会干的。把它们放在烘衣柜里吧。
If the tree fall that way, it will destroy the house.
这棵树向那边倒下就会把那所房子压坏。
If their spade break4-1, I still have the diamond finesse to fall back on.
如果他们的黑桃是4－1，分配，我就让一墩给那Q。
If there is anything wrong, I'll nose it out.
要是有什么毛病，我会觉察出来的。
If there were no husbands, who would look after our mistresses?
要是人间没了丈夫，试问谁会照顾我们这些主妇？
If these people go into that field, the bull will chase them.
如果这些人进入那块牧场，公牛就会追逐他们。
If they go into that field the bull will chase them.
如果他们走进那块牧场，公牛就会追逐他们。
If they refuse to make heart-felt apologies soon we will have to bring an action against them.
如果他们拒绝很快地作出诚心诚意的道歉，我们只好起诉了。
If this card is returned unopened I'll know you aren't ready to reconcile yet, and I'll try again next year.
如果这张卡片原封退回，我明白你还不愿和解，那我将等到来年再试。
If this monster isn't entirely imaginary, it is nothing more extraordinary than a common or garden seal.
如果这个怪物不是凭空想出来的，那它只能是一只普通的海豹。
If today is Friday, the day before yesterday is Wednesday.
假如今天是星期五，前天就是星期三。
If we are not back by midnight we'll be locked out.
如果我们不在午饭之前返回，我们就会被锁在门外。
If we can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to tell us.
如果我们能有所帮助的话，请即告诉我们。
If we could help, we would.
如果我们能帮上忙，我们会帮的
If we each save$5 a week we'll do it in ten weeks.
要是我们每人每周储蓄五美元，我们在十周后就会做到。
If we have children, this house will be too small for us.
如果生了孩子，这房子就显得太小了。
If we lose the match, I'm in the dumps. But there's no call to go around shouting at people.
如果我们输了这场比赛，伤心的是我。可没有理由到处对人大叫大喊的。
If we reckon up the numbers of visitors to the exhibition for the past week, we shall see a surprising total.
我们如果把过去一周的展览会参观人数加起来，我们会得出一个惊人的总数。
If we want to live a peaceful and democratic life, we cannot help object to war.
如果我们要过和平与民主的生活，一定要反对战争。
If you accept our counter-offer, we'll advise our end-user to buy from you.
如果您接受我们的还盘，我们将劝告用户向你们购买。
If you apply yourself to the job in hand, you'll soon finish it.
如果你尽全力做你目前的工作，你将能很快地把它做完。
If you are in at six this evening, I'll call by and pick up my books.
如果你今晚6点在家，我顺便来取我的书。
If you are prepared to work in that hospital for so little money, I raise my hat to you.
如果你打算在那家医院工作而且就挣这么一点钱，我很佩服你。
If you ask me to finish the work in time, I have to employ an assistant.
假如你要求我按时完成工作，我必须雇用一个助手。
If you boil the vegetables too long, they'll go soggy.
要是你把蔬菜煮得太久，菜就糊了。
If you can get the book, please send it to me by post.
如果你能弄到那本书，请邮寄给我。
If you can't agree by the end of the meeting, a vote will have to be taken on the matter.
会议结束前如果对这事还不能取得一致意见，那就只好投票表决了。
If you can't settle your argument with your neighbour over the limits of your property, you may have to go to law.
如果你无法和邻居解决好地界的争端，恐怕就只有请求法律解决了。
If you climb mountain in fog, you are asking for it.
如果你在雾天去爬山，你是在自讨苦吃。
If you could get out of the habit of smoking, you will soon feel better.
只要你能改提吸烟习惯，很快就会感觉好些。
If you do harm to me I shall not look over you.
如你对我使坏，我可不饶恕你。
If you do not work hard, you will not pass the exam.
你要不用功，考试就不能及格。
If you don't concentrate more on your work you'll lose your job.
你如果对工作不更专心点，就会被解雇。
If you don't know the answer, leave the first question and get onto the second.
如果你答不出，那就放过第一题，做第二题。
If you don't pay rent, you'll get turned out of to the street.
如果不付租金，你就要被赶到大街上去。
If you don't stop that din, I'll come in and sort you out!
你如果再吵闹不休，我就要进来收拾你了！
If you drive so fast, you'll run down someone some day.
你要是开得这么快，总有一天会撞伤人的。
If you fail three times, you will be not entitled to try anymore.
如果你失败三次，你便无权再尝试了。
If you fix the brake the car will be as safe as house.
把制动器修好，汽车就非常安全了。
If you give me a leg up, I can get over the wall.
如果你帮我一把，我便能翻过这堵墙。
If you go on living at this extravagant rate, you'll spend every penny you've got, and then you'll be in the soup.
你要是这样大手大脚过日子，你就会把你赚来的每一分钱花得精光，那时你就会处于困境之中。
If you had been active in scientific pursuits, you would have been much better informed.
如果你过去积极参加科研活动的话，你本来会有更丰富的知识。
If you happen to be in town, would you ask about it?
你要是有机会进城，可否问问这事？
If you have finished your translation, please hand back my dictionary.
如果你的翻译己经完成了，那就请把字典还给我。
If you have two pounds to spare, lay it on Brown Willie for the nest race.
你要是匀得了两英镑，下次赛马时城押在棕色威利那匹马上。
If you intend to be out late, keep your host and hostess informed of your whereabouts so they don't worry.
如果你想晚归，就得让你的房东知道你在哪儿，免得他们担心。
If you keep your nose clean, the boss might promote you.
你若是规规矩矩的，老板就可能提拔你。
If you leave your car idling away outside the house for an hour or more, you will burn more petrol than you think.
如果你让汽车在室外不熄火一个小时或更长时间，车子耗油量会比你想像的要大。
If you like, we could go out this evening.
你要是愿意的话，咱们今天晚上出去。
If you marry her, it means you'll give hostage to fortune.
如果你娶她，就意味着你要冒险。
If you need anything, just sing out for it.
你需要什麽东西就大声说出来。
If you pay for both of us now, we can settle up later.
你要是现在先付清咱们两人的帐，事后咱们俩再细算。
If you push all correct buttons, everything will fall into line.
如果按钮按得正确，一切都会顺利进行。
If you really did score full marks in every subject today, we must mark the occasion with a white stone.
如果你今天每门功课当真都考满分，那我们一定把这天看成是家里的喜庆吉日。
If you rough up the surface a bit, the paint will stick better.
如果你将这表面弄粗糙一些，油漆会粘得更牢的。
If you set yourself up against an international company of that size, you can expect failure.
如果你执意同那么大的一家国际公司对抗，那你只能指望失败。
If you stand on my shoulders you will be able to see over the wall.
如果你站在我肩膀上，你就能看见墙那边了。
If you take any more liberties with my wife you will never be invited to my house again.
如果你再对我妻子嬉皮笑脸，以后就再不请你到我家来了。
If you tell tales about other boys in school, you'll be sent to Coventry.
如果你在学校里说其他孩子的坏话，就没有人再和你交往了。
If you tried again you might succeed.
要是你再试一试，你可能成功。
If you want a good music teacher, he's your man.
你们要是缺个好的音乐教师，他就是最理想的人选。
If you want my advice, I don't think you should do.
如果你愿意听我的劝告，我看你不应当做。
If you want to borrow the car, be my guest.
如果你要借那辆车，请不要客气。
If you want to have your meals in the room, just dial room service.
如果您想在房里就餐，就打电话通知客房服务部。
If you want to relax, you can push the seat-recliner button in the armrest.
如果想舒展一下，您可以按扶手里的那个座位倾斜按钮。
If you watch long enough, you will see many problems settled by this"tap-talking" with the feelers.
如果你观察的时间够长的话，就会看到许多问题是通过这种用触角敲打的谈话方式解决的。
If you will write the article, I will go over it and touch it up for you.
如果你愿意写这篇文章，我将审阅一遍并帮你修改一下。
If you worked hard, you should be bind to succeed.
如果你努力工作，你一定会成功。
If you'd like early morning tea, just tell the room clerk.
如果您想喝早茶，就告诉登记房间的旅馆职员。
If you're free at two o'clock on Friday, I shall he delighted to show yon around the place.
你如果星期五两点钟有空的话，我非常乐于带你去游览那个地方。
If you're passing the optician's this morning, would you mind dropping in and enquiring for my new specs?
如果你上午经过那家眼镜店，你不介意进去问问我的新眼镜配好了吗？
If your cable were urgent, the rate will be doubled.
如果是加急电报，费用将加倍。
If your mother sees what you have done she will bow her top.
要是你母亲知道你所做的一切，她会大发雷霆的。
Ignorance is no excuse for breaking the law.
无知不能成为违反法律的理由
Ill news never comes too late.
坏消息总是来得快。
Illness kept the boy behind in his school work.
那个男孩因生病而功课落后了。
Immeasurable quantity of natural resource was lost forever through misuse.
无法估量的自然资源因被滥用而永远丧失了。
Immured in my work, I did not even hear my visitor enter the room.
我专心工作，甚至连来访者进屋的声音也没听见。
Impersonal, as in attitude or views.
非个人的，一般的态度或观点上非个人的
Imports will be allowed in proportion to exports.
容许的进口量将按照出口的多少而定。
Impregnated, smeared with, or containing oil; greasy.
充满油的，涂了油的，含油的；油腻的
In Alabama a boy who snores saws gourds.
在阿拉巴马州，打鼾的孩子被叫做锯葫芦。
In Britain, people get the vote at the age of18.
在英国，人们到十八岁有选举权。
In England traffic must keep to the left.
在英国，车辆必须靠左行驶。
In Holland thousands of hectares have been reclaimed from the sea and turned over to arable land and pasture.
在荷兰，人们拦海造田已开垦了成千上万公顷的土地并将它们变成可耕地和牧场。
In Nazism, a Caucasian Gentile, especially of Nordic type.
北欧人在纳粹用语中，指非犹太教徒的白种人，尤指北欧人
In System/38, a panel located adjacent to the system console on the system unit that contains lights and switches that are used primarily when the system is started or serviced.
在IBMSystem／38中，位于系统部件上并与系统控制台邻接的一种面板，它包含主要用于系统启动或维护时所需的指示灯和开关。
In a contrary manner or direction.
反方向地，相反地，对立地
In a document copying machine, the treatment of sensitized material after exposure so as to reveal and to retain the image.
在（文献）资料复制机中，感光材料曝光以后的处置，以显现和保留图象。
In a free manner; without restraint.
自由地以自由的方式；不受限制地
In a little while we lost our sense of direction.
一会儿我们就辨不清方向了。
In a network, pertaining to devices, programs, or domains that are connected by a data link or that share common control.
在网络中，指由数据链路连接的或共享公共控制的设备、程序或区域。
In a privy manner; privately or secretly.
以秘密的方式；私下地或秘密地
In a shoe store, shoes of medium width turn over quickly, but a pair of narrow shoes may not be sold for years.
在鞋店里，中型鞋卖得特别多特别快，可是一双窄型鞋也许好几年也卖不掉。
In a time of grief, it often helps to turn to some new activity.
在悲哀的时候，从事某种新的活动有助于解除痛苦。
In a word, we should solve this problem ourselves.
一句话，我们应该自己来解决那个问题。
In addition to dessert, they served fruit for good measure.
除了餐后点心外，他们还额外增加了水果。
In all countries any person who incites others to insurrection is guilty of treason.
在任何国家里，煽动他人谋反者，都属犯叛国罪。
In an effort to shore up support, Simon's campaign has borrowed$110, 000 to buy time on Boston and New Hampshire radio and television stations.
西蒙助选团为了增强（选民）支持，借贷11万元购买波士顿和新罕普什尔无线电和电视台的时段。
In an unkind manner.
以一种没有善意的态度
In any case, in the sequence of converting the design into reality such decision must be made by someone.
无论怎样，在安排把该设计变成现实的过程中，总要有人做出这样的决定。
In appearance it is a very strong building.
从外表来看，这座大楼是很坚固的。
In books, are embalmed the greatest thoughts of all ages.
伟大思想古今有，载入书中成不朽。
In case of the value of a single order exceeding...we may consider an increase in your commission.
如果单一价值订单超过。。。我们将考虑给你方增加佣金。
In communications, a point of message entry into the system.
在通信技术中，报文进入系统的入口点。
In computer graphics, emphasizing a given display group by changing the attitudes of all the other display groups in the same display field.
在计算机制图技术中，通过改变同一显示场中所有其它显示组的属性来加强给定显示组的显示效果。
In computer programming, a process which repeats the same series of processing steps until a predetermined state or branch condition is reached.
计算机程序设计中的一种处理方法，即重复进行相同的一系列处理步骤，直到一个预定的状态或转移条件实现时为止。
In computer security, the independent review and examination of system records and activities in order to test for adequacy of system controls, to ensure compliance with established policy and operational procedures, and to recommend any indicated changes in controls, policy or procedures.
在计算机安全中，为测试计算机控制的正确性，为确保按照既定政策和操作步骤执行，为提供在控制政策和步骤中的任何指定的变化而对系统的记录和活动进行的独立的审核和检查。
In continental European countries the thousands in numbers larger than9999 are pointed off.
在欧洲大陆各国，大于9999的数字中的各个千位用点分开。
In data security, an attack on the security of a computer system, undertaken to test the effectiveness of the security and to highlight any areas of weakness.
在数据保密学中，对一个计算机系统的安全性的攻击，用以测试安全的有效性及暴露弱点。
In default of tools, she used a hairpin and a buttonhook.
因没有工具，她使用一支发针及一钮钩。
In electronics, a small length of cable with suitable end connectors for use in a patch panel.
在电子技术中，接线板上使用的两端带有配套插件的短电缆。
In fact I'll give you$2.37 now, and50 cents a month until I have him paid for.
实际上我现在就可以给你两块三毛七，然后每个月付5毛钱，直到付清全部价钱。
In fact, we have been expecting you for quite some time.
事实上，我一直在等你等了好久了。
In football matches, referees are appointed to decide the contest, and also to see fair play.
在足球比赛中，裁判的职责是决定胜负和作公证的裁决。
In general statements, the sentence can be made plural
在泛指时，此词在句中可用其复数形式
In heart's perspective the distance looms large.
在心的远景里，那相隔的距离显得更广阔了。
In his address to the meeting, the mayor speak of the problem facing the town.
市长在一次正式讲话中，谈及了该城镇面临的问题。
In his last post he was known as a clock watcher. If he comes that game here, he'll lose his job.
他在过去的工作岗位上以老看钟盼下班而闻名，如果他在这里还是耍那一套，他会丢掉工作的。
In his short life he have run the entire gamut of crime, from petty theft to murder.
他在短短的一生中，从小偷小摸到杀人，什么罪都犯过。
In his youth, he had shown great promise.
他在青少年时代就显得很有出息。
In just a few days its root will strike deep into earth.
要不了几天，它的根就会深深地扎入土中。
In making the selection we passed this short piece by quite inadvertently.
在挑选时我们完全出自疏忽而漏过了这篇短文。
In microwave system the separate input from various sources must be brought together to give a composite input which is then transmitted and received by radio.
在微波系统中，来自各处的分散的输入必须被汇集在一起，以形成一个综合的输入，然后由无线电发送和接收。
In most walks of life you only get out what you put in.
在大多数生活领域，你付出多少才能收获多少。
In my line of business you can't afford to carry large stocks of goods which may soon be out of date.
在我做的这种买卖内你可买不了大批存货，因为它们可能很快就过时了。
In my opinion, the house isn't worth the price they're asking.
我认为，这房子不值他们所要的价钱。
In no circumstances must you forget to lock the safe.
您无论如何不能忘锁保险箱的门。
In one breath he said"yes" and in the next he said"no"!
他先说“同意”，可后来又说“不同意”。
In order not to be late, she cut across the field.
为了不迟到，她抄近路穿过田野。
In order to efficiently manage such extensive quantity of data, the program offer another exciting new feature.
为了高效地管理这么大量的数据，程序提供了另外一个令人激动的新特征。
In order to save the seriously wounded soldier, the surgeon decided to take off his left leg.
为了抢救那位重伤战士的性命，外科医生决定将他的左腿截去。
In our department, this rule has become a dead letter.
在我们这个部门，这条制度已成为一纸空文。
In place of the scholarly tome that many people expected of him, Mr White has produced a polemic, and not a very good one at that. As the woman said, we are not amused.
怀特先生出版了一本并非人们所期待的博学的大部头，而是一本有争议的不是太好的小作品。正如这位妇女所说，我们对这很冷淡。
In printing, a line of dots, used to direct the eye along a printed line.
印刷技术中的一行点线，用于引导视线沿印刷行移动。
In programming, a character or group of characters that refers to a value and, in the execution of a computer program, corresponds to an address.
在程序设计中，表示某个值的一个字符或字符组，当程序在执行时它对应于一个地址。
In rapture some little boys and girls were listening to an interesting story.
一些男孩和女孩正非常高兴地听一个有趣的故事。
In reply to your letter of... concerning... we are glad to be able to/sorry to have to tell you that...
兹复贵方。。。月。。。日的来函，很高兴／抱歉告知贵方。。。
In running around the corner, John collided with another boy.
约翰跑到拐角处时和另一个男孩相撞。
In silence I grieve.
我又默默地悲伤。
In some countries the peasants still trample out the grapes juice for the wine.
在有些国家，农民仍用踩榨的方法取出葡萄汁来做酒。
In speed and efficiency of delivery we can't hold a candle to our European competitors.
在邮递速度和效率上我们比不上欧洲的竞争对手。
In spite of his efforts, he at last succumbed to the terrible fever and died in the hospital.
尽管他竭力避免，还是染上了那可怕的热病，死在了医院里。
In spite of the fog we picked up a route without much difficulty.
尽管有雾，我们还是没有多大困难地找到了路。
In spite of this, some people including myself- were surprised by a recent exhibit of modern sculpture.
尽管如此，最近一个现代雕塑品展览会使有些人－－包括我自己－－感到吃惊。
In such a position as to be able to play or receive a ball or puck legally.
非越位的处于这种位置，以便在不违反规则的条件下踢球或接同伴的传球
In system development, the realization of a system design in hardware, software, or both.
在系统开发过程中，用硬件、软件或其两者对一个系统设计的具体实现。
In that case we will not look on with folded arms.
在这种情况下，我们不会袖手旁观。
In the COBOL system, the information represented by a data item, arithmetic expression, or conditional expression.
在COBOL系统中，由一个数据项、算术表达式或条件表达式表示的信息。
In the Old Testament, a Persian minister who was hanged for plotting the destruction of the Jews.
哈曼旧约圣经中所记载的一位波斯宰相，因为施阴谋欲杀尽犹太人而被吊死
In the USA, a bill is introduced either in the house or in the senate, passed through committee stage with public hearing, then to general debate in the full house.
在美国，议案可在众议院或参议院推出，通过讨论公众倾听，然后在整个参议院进行一般性辩论，在二读时对法案进行逐段辩论。
In the absence of the chairman, his deputy take the chair
董事长不在时他的副手当（会议）主席
In the basketball game we won against them by the heavy score of48 to22.
这场篮球，我们以48比22的悬殊比分打败了他们。
In the classroom and on the football field, John was nobody's fool.
约翰在教室里和足球场上都是个能应付自如的人。
In the course of things men of other ideas came to rule.
按事物的循环，总是由有新思想的人起来执政。
In the direction in which the wind blows.
顺风的顺着风吹动的方向
In the end their army was beaten.
最后他们的军队被打败了。
In the event of unforeseen economic developments, parts of the agency contract may be changed by mutual agreement.
如有偶发的经济事件发生，本代理契约可经双方同意作部分的修改。
In the film we saw a long line of coolies bent almost double under heavy loads.
在影片中我们看到一长行码头工人背着沉重的货物，身子弯得几乎贴近肚子。
In the full flush of success, nothing was an obstacle.
在成就如日中天时，其势锐不可当。
In the heat of the argument we mustn't lose sight of our main purpose.
在辩论得激烈的时候，我们不应忘掉我们的主要目的。
In the last year of their second terms, American presidents are lame ducks.
美国总统在第2任期的最后一年，不能再竞选连任了。
In the massacre that followed the British quitting India, there was a photographer who made a sorrowing Indian family bury and rebury its dead several times till he got a perfect shot.
在英国刚刚从印度殖民地撤走之后的大屠杀中，有个摄影记者竟让一位死者悲痛的家人们数度将埋葬好的亲人挖出来再埋下去，直到获得一张满意的照片为止。
In the midst of all of our problems.
被我们所遇到的问题所困扰
In the next year he obtained, through the good offices of an old friend, a post with a publishing firm which, though not highly paid, he found more congenial.
第二年，通过一个老朋友帮忙，他在一家出版公司谋到一个职位，薪水虽不高，却更令他感到惬意。
In the old society, who would look up to us?
在旧社会谁还会看得起我们？
In the past the voice of dissension had been quickly snuffed out.
在过去不同的意见都很快被压制下去。
In the portrait he is shown lying on a sofa.
在这张画像中画著他躺在沙发上。
In the same direction as the wind.
顺风，借风力按与风向相同的方向
In the slow-bicycle race, they wobbled along the track with identical do-or-die looks on their faces.
在自行车慢行竞赛中，他们骑着车，摇摇晃晃地在跑道上行着，脸上都带着一副相同的破釜沉舟的神情。
In the sub-zero weather, their exhaust plumb white in the grey street.
在严寒天气，他们的排气管在灰色的街道上吐著缕缕白烟。
In the turmoil resulting from the collision, the arrested man broke loose and ran off.
在撞车引起的一片混乱中，那个被捕的人挣脱逃走了。
In the years immediately preceding the outbreak of war in1939, Hitler succeeded in annexing various parts of Europe to Germany without firing a shot.
在1939年大战爆发的前几年，希特勒没开一抢而成功地把欧洲许多地区并吞为德国领土。
In these lakes the fish swim deep and take a lot of catching.
这些湖中的鱼都在深水中活动，很不易捕到。
In this camp, private soldier do not mess with officer
在这个兵营里，士兵不和军官一起用餐
In this country, the weather is usually very awful.
在这个国家，天气通常十分恶劣。
In this particular tin-pot venture he'd sunk half the sum left him by his father.
他把父亲留给他的钱半数投放在这种低级的冒险事业上。
In this situation it is common to say that nothing can be done until law and order is restored.
一般来说在这种形势下，不恢复法律和秩序是什么也干不了的。
In this wet weather, grass runs riot in the vegetable beds.
在这种潮湿的天气里，蔬菜地面杂草丛生。
In those days, the labouring people lived no better than beasts of burden.
在那些日子里，劳动人民过着牛马般（牛马不如）的生活。
In times of trouble or difficulty one takes whatever help is available
危难之时任何解救方法均可一试；慌不择路
In vain I tried to keep back my tears.
我怎么也忍不住我的眼泪。
In weal and woe.
同甘苦共患难
In word processing systems, a feature that enables blocks of recorded text to be indented with different margins, while still retaining the original(fixed) margin settings.
字（词）处理技术中的一种功能特性，它使记录的正文块按不同边线缩排，同时仍然保持原来（固定的）边线设置。
In word processing, to print a document with even right and left margins.
字（词）处理技术中，使打印文件有平齐的左右空白边。
In"blue pencil", the adjective"blue" qualify the noun"pencil".
在“蓝铅笔”中形容词“蓝”修饰名词“铅笔”。
In1909 Russia possessed over41000 miles of railway.
1909年俄国有41000多英里的铁路。
In1971 people in Bangladesh were exposed to every kind of danger flood, famine, disease and war.
1971年孟加拉国人民遭受到种种危险：洪水、饥荒、瘟疫和战争。
Incapable of being expressed; indescribable or unutterable.
不可言喻的难以表达的；难以描叙的
Incline to do sth.
倾向于[有意]做某事
Inclined to suspect rivalry.
怀疑的易于怀疑（别人与之）竞争的
Inconsiderate of others; selfish
不顾及他人的；自私的
Incredibly, no one had ever thought of such a simple idea before.
真是难以相信，这样简单的主意竟没有人想到过。
Indeed, we lack practice and experience nowadays in dealing with primitive conditions.
确实，我们现在缺少对付原始环境的实践和经验。
Indian political leader who served as prime minister(1966-1977) and(1980-1984). She was assassinated by Sikh extremists.
甘地，穆罕达斯·卡拉姆昌德1869－1948印度民族主义者和精神领袖，推动了非暴力不抵抗运动并迫使英国于1947年允许印度独立，被一个印度教狂热分子暗杀
Indicative of or threatening war.
有战争迹象的指示战争的或有战争威胁的
Individual work; an individual portion.
一个人的工作；一个人的份量
Industrial park
工业园区
Infatuated with her own success, she grew careless and failed in her next attempt.
由于对自己的成功洋洋得意，她变得粗心了，因而在第二次尝试时失败了。
Inflamed with passion
物价上涨；使通货膨胀
Inflammation of the urinary bladder.
膀胱炎泌尿膀胱的发炎
Inflation was the pensioner's worst enemy because they were on the bread line, and could not wait for a year to catch up with the price increase.
通货膨胀是领取养老金者最大的敌人，因为他们挣扎在生活线上，他们不可能干等一年，以赶上物价的上涨。
Information shipper undercut at sacrifice for establish record
有消息说，货主为了建立业绩，不惜削价大抛售。
Initially the contract will be in effect for... years.
最初契约的有效期为。。。年。
Inquire into the merits of a case
查究某一案件的是非曲直
Inside the package.
在包裹里面
Inspection tag
检查标签
Instead of chucking them out, we made do with these old pieces of furniture.
家具虽旧，我们还是将就着使用，不肯丢弃。
Instead of using weight as a standard we use mass, because mass does not change.
我们用质量做标准而不用重量，因为质量不变。
Insulting remarks, behaviour
侮辱性的言语、行为
Intellectual shall never marry; they will not enjoy it, and besides, they shall not reproduce themselves.
知识分子决不应结婚；他们既不会享受婚姻生活，更不应复制自己。
Intense heat or glow, as of fire.
灼光强烈的热度或光芒，如火（一般）
Interest accrued from the money leave in my saving account.
我储蓄户头里剩余的存款产生利息。
Interference from one telegraph circuit to another telegraph circuit or into telephone circuits.
一条电报线路或电话线路对另一条电报线路或电话线路的干扰。
Interpreted his smile to be an agreement; interpreted the open door as an invitation.
把他的微笑理解成首肯；将敞开的大门认作为邀请
Intoxicated by or as if by alcohol or a drug, such as cocaine or marijuana.
使醉的喝醉了的，被麻醉品例如可卡因或大麻麻醉了的
Intruded opinion into a factual report.
将个人意见硬塞在真实的报道中
Investment is a hazardous business; even those who are in the swim sometimes come a cropper.
投资是一项风险事业，就是那些懂行的人有时也会栽跟头。
Invoked the help of a passing motorist.
恳求一位过路的汽车司机给予帮助
Iran has also begun a campaign for the hearts and minds of the Iraqi people, blaming Iraq's leaders for plunging their country into war,……
伊朗也已展开宣传攻势，责备伊拉克领导人陷国家于战争，以争取伊拉克的民心。
Iron out the curves in the highway
把公路的弯曲处修直
Irresolute persons make poor victors.
优柔寡断的人不会成为胜利者。
Is Sam boring you again with his hobby horse about the Earth being colonized by creatures from outer space?
萨姆又在谈论外星人移居到地球上来的老话题了，那使你觉得厌烦吗？
Is everything under control?
一切都在掌握之中吗？
Is he home from work?
他下班回家了吗？
Is he your equal in play chess?
他的棋艺跟你一样好吗？
Is it feasible to finish the work by April?
在四月以前有可能完成该项工作吗？
Is it ok?
行吗？
Is it worth all the trouble?
那件事值得那样费神吗？
Is secretary Song here?
宋秘书在这儿吗？
Is that Mr. Clark? This is Liu Wen speaking.
是克拉克先生吗？我是刘文。
Is that the best way to solve the problem?
这是解决这问题的最好方法吗？
Is the coastal plain good for farming?
沿岸平原适宜耕种吗？
Is the meat done yet?
肉煮熟了吗？
Is the woman sitting under a tree?
那位妇女正坐在树下吗？
Is there another mail in the afternoon?
下午还另有一批邮件吗？
Is there anything in that box?
盒子里有什么东西吗？
Is there your friend inside this town?
这个城镇里有你们的朋友吗？
Is this lecture free or do we have to pay?
这个演讲是免费的，还是要付钱的？
Is this the letter you've been expecting?
这就是你等的那封信吗？
Is your dog a he or a she?
你的狗是公的，还是母的？
Isn't he an English man?
他是英国人不是？
Issuable matters of probate.
可提出抗辩的遗嘱认证事项
It all depend on whether she like the boss or not.
一切都取决于她喜欢还是不喜欢这个老板。
It always cause me to see red whenever he tells a lie.
当他说谎时，不管什么时候总是引起我的愤怒。
It appears to be a true story.
这故事似乎是真的。
It began to rain suddenly, and the children all ran to seek shelter from the rain.
天突然下起雨来，孩子们全都跑着去寻找避雨之所。
It can also refer to a long-term occupation.
这个词还可指长期的职业。
It can refer to an academic subject or a practical skill.
这一词既可指某一学科也可指某种技能。
It certainly took him down a peg to be transferred to that humble position.
被调任到那个低下的职位，无疑使他很失面子。
It controls how data and database are shared among users on the network and how users access master copies of data and application software on the centralized hard disk.
它控制着网上用户如何共享数据和数据库，以及用户如何存取中央硬盘上的数据和应用软件的主拷备。
It created no small stir in the diplomatic world.
这件事在外交界引起了不小的震动。
It did not take long for the glory of our election victory to rub off.
我们选举胜利的荣光没多久就黯然失色了。
It do not seem to matter much. We'll take it.
这没多么大关系。我们就坐这儿。
It doesn't make sense.
这没有意义。
It doesn't work.
它出故障了。
It feels like spring festival already!
感觉好像春节已经到了似的！
It fits completely my viewpoint.
它完全符合我的观点。
It gives us great pleasure to send you the samples asked for in your letter of...
很高兴寄上你方。。。月。。。日来函中所要求的样品。
It grips my shit, the way he walks around this place as if he owned it.
他在这儿转来转去的样子真令人讨厌，好像他是这里的主人似的。
It happened prior to my arrival.
这发生在我到达之前。
It has been advertised in the magazine.
已在杂志上刊登了广告。
It has come within the range of practical politics.
这就属于可实施性政治的范围了。
It has not been decided yet, I'll ring you back in half an hour.
这件事还没决定，半小时后我再和你通电话。
It have many advantages.
它有许多优点。
It irks him to have to clean his house.
他得打扫房间，这使他感到厌烦。
It is a black bear.
这是一头黑熊。
It is a deliberate action, often connected with battle and war.
这种伤害是故意的行为，常与作战及战争有关。
It is a good team on paper, but its members play poorly together.
在理论上它是一支不错的队，可是队员们配合不好
It is a learnable thing.
这是可以学得会的。
It is a matter of principle with her to answer her children's questions honestly.
如实地答覆孩子们的询问对她来说是关系到做人的大问题。
It is a pity that a man of your ability shall remain unknown to the world.
象你这样有能力的人不能闻名于世界，真是可惜。
It is a recent purchase of mine.
那是我前几天买来的。
It is a strange thing to behold, what gross errors and extreme absurdities many(especially of the greater sort) do commit, for want of a friend to tell them of them; to the great damage both of their fame and fortune.
许多人（尤其是伟大的人们）因为没有朋友向他们进忠告的缘故，做出大谬极误的事来，以致他们的名声和境遇均大受损失，这种情形看起来是很可惊异的。
It is a warm afternoon.
这是一个温暖的下午。
It is absurd that nobody had noticed them before, but there it is.
可真傻，以前谁也没注意到，可是，确有其事。
It is all over the town.
这件事传遍了央抑。
It is an adverb.
它是副词。
It is an open secret.
这是公开的秘密。
It is bad manners to interrupt.
打断别人说话是不礼貌的。
It is better to be content with what one has than to risk losing everything by being too greedy.
一鸟在手，胜於二鸟在林（最好满足於现有的，以免因贪心而失去一切）。
It is certain that he can succeed.
他会成功是无疑的。
It is colder here than Beijing.
这儿比北京更冷。
It is cruel to drown the cat in the river.
把猫淹死在河里是件残忍的事。
It is difficult at times to determine which is the principal or important term in a phrase.
在一个短语中，决定哪个词是主要词或重要词，有时是很困难的。
It is difficult to find word worthy of the occasion.
很难找到适合於那种场合的言词。
It is disturbing to think a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quiet countryside.
一想到有一头危险的野兽还没有被捕获，仍在这僻静的乡村，就让人忧虑不安。
It is easy to say that we will be good. It is harder to put the saying into practice.
说我们会好的很容易。但要把这种说法付诸实施却相当难。
It is fine. but if it were rainy, I'd take an umbrella with me.
今天是晴天。要真下雨，我就要带把雨伞。
It is generous of you to share your food with me.
你把食物与我分享，真慷慨。
It is greatly to your credit that you gave back the money you found; your honesty does you credit.
你拾金不昧是非常难能可贵的；你很诚实，应该受表扬。
It is hard to understand all the minute gradation of their bureaucracy.
很难弄清楚他们那套官僚体制全部细微的等级分别。
It is his nature to be kind to the poor.
封穷人仁慈是他的天性。
It is impossible for him to get off the contract.
他不可能解除契约对自己的束缚。
It is impossible to underrate human intelligence—beginning with one's own.
要小看人类的智力是不可能的——如果第一个就从自己的算起。
It is just as you like.
事情就如你喜欢的那样。
It is ludicrous to call a simple split-level house a mansion.
把一座简朴的错层式的房子叫做大厦真太可笑了
It is most careless of me.
我真是非常粗心。
It is near dinner time.
快到吃晚饭的时间了。
It is no safe wading in an unknown water.
不知水深浅，涉水不安全。
It is not always easy to amuse oneself on holiday.
让自己在假期里自娱并不总是容易的。
It is not easy to make a simile go on all fours.
一个比喻要完全贴切是不容易的。
It is not healthy for a young guy to stay coop up inside.
年轻小伙子关在房间内是无益于健康的。
It is not possible to play back a tape on the vcr in this configuration, since there is no audio input for the vcr.
在这种配置中，不可能在VCR上播放盒带，因为VCR上没有音频输入。
It is not within my province to interfere.
这不是我所应当干涉的。
It is now unlawful for factories to emit black smoke into the air.
工厂向大气中排放黑烟现在是违法的。
It is often cold in November and it rains sometimes.
到11月天气常常是冷的，而且有时下雨。
It is one of the best bonds, both of chastity and obedience, in the wife, if she think her husband wise; which she will never do, if she find him jealous.
如果一个女人为丈夫的聪明优秀而自豪，那么这就是使她忠贞不渝的最好保证。但如果一个女人发现她的丈夫是妒忌多疑的，那么她将绝不会认为他是聪明的。
It is only the people with push who has a pull.
只有有冲劲的人才有门路。
It is pleasant today.
今天的天气令人心情愉快。
It is preposterous!
岂有此理！
It is raining.
正在下雨。
It is right to do so.
这样做是对的。
It is said that if anyone touches the tree, he will have bad luck; if he picks a leaf, he will die.
据说谁要摸了这棵树，谁就要倒霉；如果他摘了一片叶子，他就会死。
It is sheer fantasy to imagine that the cause of socialism is all plain sailing.
认为社会主义事业总是一帆风顺，这种想法只是幻想。
It is strange that such a man should pass for a scientist.
很奇怪这样一个人竟然被当作是科学家。
It is ten past four now.
现在是四点过十分。
It is the little bits of things that fret and worry us; we can dodge an elephant, but we can't a fly.
使我们烦恼而担忧的往往是琐碎的小事情；我们可以躲过大象，但避不开一只小苍蝇。
It is the unexpected that always happens.
没有预见到事物往往会随时发生。
It is time to pony up on that bill.
是照帐付钱的时候了。
It is true during their explorations they often faced difficulties and dangers of the most perilous nature.
确实在探险中，他们经常面临着各种最有危险性的艰难和险阻。
It is unfair because at the same time restriction has been put on overtime.
生产目标定得不公平，因为与此同时你们又限制了加班。
It is used in answer to inquiries about health.
这个词常用以回答有关健康的询问。
It is very fortunate of me to have you around.
我有你们在身边真是幸运。
It is warmer this morning.
今儿早上暖和些。
It is within my scope.
那是在我的范围之内。
It is400 kilometers.
有400公里。
It isn't wise to give anyone a line on what one is doing.
把正在做的事随便告诉别人是不太明智的。
It looks as if Frank's holding all the high card.
看起来弗兰克好像掌握全部大牌。
It looks like rain; we'd better run for it.
天像是要下雨了，我们赶紧快跑吧。
It made us see the possibilities in everything. It made us hopeful.
辽阔的国土使我们能用积极的眼光去看待一切事物，使我们充满希望。
It makes no matter whether you arrive first or last- there's enough food for everyone, whatever time they arrive.
大家早到晚到都无关紧要——不管什么时候，都有足够的东西吃。
It may be as well to cream off the top of the milk before you feed the baby with it.
你给这孩子喂牛奶时，还是先把浮面的奶油撇掉的好。
It may not seem like such a big deal to you, but you can make profit in the long run.
这对你来说并不是什么大不了的事，但是长远来看那是有利可图的。
It might be, I suppose.
我想可能是这样。
It must be locked.
它一定是锁上了。
It must have hurt like hell.
一定是疼痛难忍。
It never rains but it pours.
倒霉的事总是接踵而来，祸不单行。
It only needed a push and the whole building will come tumble down.
只要稍稍一推，那整幢房子就会倒塌下来。
It prevents the other end from hearing an echo of themselves.
该功能可以防止远端听到他们的回声。
It rained heavily last night.
昨夜雨下得很大。
It really is blue Monday after a wonderful weekend.
过了愉快的周末之后，星期一〔要上班〕实在是令人沮丧。
It rests with the President to decide.
这件事全要看总统决定。
It seem as if nothing have happen.
好像什么事也没有发生过似的。
It seemed as if a storm about to break-the sea was gloomy and the clouds were as heavy as lead.
风暴似乎马上就到了——海面上浊浪翻滚，云层昏暗闷人。
It seems as though there will be an election soon.
看起来好像很快就要选举了。
It seems that his life is off to a new start.
看来他的生活有了新开端。
It seems to me.
我想据我看来
It showered off and on all afternoon.
整个下午断断续续地下着阵雨。
It snowed for days on end. We thought it would never stop!
雪下了许多天了。我们想它会下个没完吧！
It sounds like a good offer, but there may be a catch.
这听起来是个好的建议，但其中可能有诈
It stick in my throat to have to accept charity from them.
我不得不接受他们的施舍，此事教我耿耿于怀。
It suddenly occurred to one of the workers to open up the box.
一个工人突然想起打开箱子年个究竟。
It take about two weeks to go surface mail from here to London.
普通邮件从这儿寄往伦敦要花两个星期左右时间。
It takes a lot of practice to be really good at this sport.
需要大量的练习才能真正擅长于这项体育运动。
It takes six years to qualify as a doctor.
要获得医师资格需时六年。
It tastes of onions [pepper].
它有洋葱[胡椒粉]的味道。
It took a long time to get to the core of the affair.
花了很长时间才抓住这件事的要害。
It took hours for the ruins to smoulder out.
废虚燃了几个小时才烧尽。
It took me four hours to drive there.
我驱车四小时才到那里。
It took the nursery teachers months to bring their class of boys under control.
幼儿园的老师们花了几个月的时间才把男孩子的班级整顿好。
It took us a few minutes to get our breath back after the race.
赛跑后我们用了好几分钟才恢复了正常呼吸。
It turns out that he was never there.
原来他根本没去过那儿。
It wants4 inches of3 feet.
三英尺差四英寸。
It was a book to kill time for those who like it better dead.
对那些认为它闷得可以的人们说来，那是一本为消磨时间的书。
It was a dog-eat-dog competition.
那是一场残酷无情的竞争。
It was a great blow to her when her mother died.
她母亲去世对她是个沉重的打击。
It was a long trudge up the hill.
那段上山的路很难走。
It was a pleasure to receive your inquiry of June18 concerning the supply of our best electronic ovens.
很高兴接到您六月十八日有关本公司最佳电烤箱供应的询问函。
It was a risky idea, but it turned up trumps after all, and the firm made a lot of money.
那个主意太冒险，可它竟然出乎意料地成功了，公司因此而赚了一大笔。
It was a terrible blow to me.
这对我来说是个沉重打击。
It was a wild and woolly town.
这是一座不文明的城镇。
It was an act of heroism to go back into the burning building to save the wounded trapped within.
＂返回正在燃烧的大楼内去营救被困在里面的受伤者，这是一种英雄行为。＂
It was billed as"the mother of all parades." And the organizers had promised that12 million pounds of confetti, a million yellow ribbons and6, 000 tons of ticker tape would be dropped on the veterans returning from the Persian Gulf war….
它被秒为“一切游行之母”。主办间单位承诺将投掷1200万磅彩色碎纸，100万条黄丝带，还有6000吨白色纸条[欢迎]自波斯湾战争归来的战士……。
It was cold and starting to snow.
天很冷，开始下起雪来。
It was difficult to think through this maze of contradictory facts and statistics.
从这些错综复杂而又相互矛盾的事实和统计数字中很难得出一个结论来。
It was even as he said: the jewel was gone.
正如他所说的，珠宝不翼而飞了
It was getting dark.
天色渐渐变黑。
It was he who redeemed the occasion from utter failure by telling some of his funny stories.
是他讲了几个有趣的故事挽回了局面，使之免遭彻底的失败。
It was impossible for them to exist on such a small income.
他们要靠这一点收入生活是不可能的。
It was just my luck to go to the play on the day the star was ill.
我总是这麽倒霉，去看戏那天偏巧明星病了。
It was my brainchild and I'd like to see the job through to the end.
这是我的设想，因而我想看到任务完成。
It was not the lecture itself but the cliches in it that palled on her mind.
使她感到可厌的不是那讲演本身，而是其中的陈词滥调。
It was one of the most important discoveries ever made.
这是所做出的最重大的发现之一。
It was pure luck that he was home when we called.
非常幸运，我们打电话时他在家里。
It was raining when we set out.
我们出发时正下着雨。
It was said that the first man was moulded from clay by some kind of god.
据传，第一个人是某个神用泥土造出来的。
It was so dark, we could see nothing.
天那么黑，我们什么也瞧不见。
It was some time before we struck the track.
我们用了很长时间才找到了路。
It was the Greeks who shaped the thinking of Western man.
正是希腊人影响了西方人的思维。
It was the publican's birthday, so all the drinks were on the house.
那天是酒店老板的生日，所以免费招待顾客喝酒。
It was too bad David had measles when the circus came to our town.
真不凑巧，当马戏团来到我们镇上时戴维得了麻疹。
It was utterly indifferent to her who he was.
封她来说，他是谁，根本是无关紧要的事。
It was very thoughtless of you to keep her waiting so long.
你让她等那麽久也太不体谅人了。
It was you who dropped the milk; you'll have to mop it up.
是他把牛奶洒了一地，你应把它擦干净。
It wasn't easy, but what did I have to lose?
这不容易，但我失去了什么呢？
It will be a long time before we finish this dictionary.
我们需要很长的时间才能把这部词典编译完。
It will be easier for us to push the sale if you can give us more commission.
如果你们能多给我们一些佣金，就可以便于我方推销。
It will be set fair for one week. Let's have a picnic.
这一周天会晴的，我们去野餐吧。
It will doubtless rain on sports day.
开运动会那天多半会下雨。
It will make the teacher open her eyes to see how much we have done to make up the loss.
看到我们为弥补损失而做出的极大成绩时，老师定会大吃一惊的。
It will serve you right if you get stomach ache after eating all those apples.
如果你把那些苹果都吃掉后胃痛的话，那是你应得的报应。
It will take us till dooms day to clear up all this mess.
我们永远也收拾不完这堆乱七八糟的东西。
It won't make any difference to us; make no mistake about it.
这对我们反正都是一样，不要弄错了。
It would be even more successful if the story lines were filled out.
如果事故的描述能更丰满一些，那将更为成功。
It would give as great/the greatest of pleasure to attend to banquet.
我们非常荣幸／荣幸之至能去参加这个宴会。
It would take a long time to go into all the details, but I can give you the facts in
要谈所有的细节需要花很长的时间，但我可以简要地把情况告诉你。
It'll be Christmas in three weeks.
再过3个星期就是圣诞节了。
It'll be there by this afternoon if we sent it regular.
如果我们以普通邮件寄送的话，那么今天下午可以寄到。
It's Friday.
今天星期五。
It's a beautiful country with many large lakes.
这是一个美丽的国家，它有许多大的湖泊。
It's a cinch they will win.
他们肯定会赢。
It's a desk lamp.
这是台灯。
It's a foolish idea;I hope you'll think better of it.
我希望你重新考虑，放弃这个想法。
It's a good plan, but the opposition of the local people may be a stumbling block.
这是一个好计划，不过当地人的反对可能成为一大障碍。
It's a light affliction and will last but for a season.
这是一桩有点叫人头痛的事，它会折磨人一些时间，不过不会很长。
It's a mean trick.
这是低劣的把戏。
It's a noted place for its pine tree and springs.
这是一个以松树和泉水著称的地方。
It's a pity that you forgot.
真可惜你忘记了。
It's a quarter to4 o'clock.There are only5 minutes left to the end of the game.Our team, with a4 to0 lead, are simply running out the clock.
现在是3：45分，离比赛结束只剩5分钟了，我们队以4比0领先，现在只是在打防守战。
It's a shame to treat you like that.
那样对待你太过分了。
It's a steal at that price.
能以那样的价钱买到，真是捡来的。
It's about ten o'clock.
现在大约十点。
It's acute appendicitis. We ought to operate.
这是急性阑尾炎。应当开刀。
It's all plain sailing.
这事非常简单。
It's all washed up anyway.
不管怎样全完了。
It's amusing to watch members jockeying for the Prime Minister's attention prior to Cabinet reshuffle.
看到政府官员在内阁改组之前耍弄花招以讨得首相欢心是很有趣的。
It's an imposition to ask us to stay late at work.
要求我们留下来超时工作，真是太过份了。
It's awesome.
棒极了。
It's been a pleasure to have you.
跟你在一起我们很高兴。
It's been weighing on my mind for days whether to tell her or not.
我这几天心烦意乱，不知道应该不应告诉她。
It's better to vary your diet rather than eat the same things all the time.
你最好变换一下饮食，不要总吃同样的东西。
It's bound to turn out right.
结果一定不会错。
It's cold outside, once warm within. You could've been somewhere else. Now it's bone to skin.
外面真冷，也曾温暖，你本可不在此地，如今天寒彻骨……
It's damp and cold. I think it's going to rain.
空气又冷又潮，我看是要下雨了。
It's difficult to make friends with her; she's constantly on the offensive.
跟她交朋友十分困难；她这个人口角尖酸、咄咄逼人。
It's easier to be a Bernard Shaw to the British or American public than it is to be a Bernard Shaw to your own family.
对着英、美的一般大众当萧伯纳（挖苦人家），总比对着自己的家人当萧伯纳来得容易。
It's eleven o'clock? let's turn in.
11点了，咱们睡觉去吧。
It's five minutes before ten.
时间是差五分十点。
It's get a wide belt, and one of those thick furry collar that keep your ear warm.
大衣的腰带很宽，其中还有个厚厚的毛领使耳朵不受冻。
It's going to be some time before I recover my full strength.
还要一些时间我才能完全恢复体力。
It's great to have met you!
与您会面令人十分愉快
It's hard to judge between the tow handicraft articles; they're both charming.
很难判定这两件工艺品孰优孰劣，它们都很好看。
It's heavy going but they will finish the job eventually.
这件工作虽然很费劲，但他们最终还是会完成它的。
It's hurting worse than before.
比先前痛得更厉害了。
It's in Chinese I can make little of it.
这是中文－－我一点儿都不懂。
It's just as well you came- we needed someone with your experience.
幸亏你来了——我们正需要像你这样的有经验的人。
It's late, I must run along.
时间已晚，我得走了。
It's make of silk.
是丝绸做的。
It's most unexpected.
真是意想不到。
It's my opinion/view/feeling that we shouldn't lay them off.
我的观点／看法／感觉是我们不应该让他们下岗。
It's natural to slack2 off towards the end of a hard day's work.
一天紧张工作快结束的时候有些放松是自然的。
It's nice.
是个好晴天。
It's no good. Guess I start looks too late.
没用了，我想我动手太迟了。
It's no use asking Barry to help mend a car; he doesn't know one end of a spanner from the other.
请巴里来帮忙修车根本没有用，他对扳钳之类的东西一窍不通。
It's no use sitting there crying. You can cry till kingdom come…you're still not getting any housekeeping money.
坐在那里哭鼻子有什么作用？你可以哭到来世……家里的生活费你还是一个子儿也拿不到。
It's none of my business, but I think you ought to work harder.
这事与我毫无关系，但我觉得你应更努力去工作。
It's not company policy to give credit without previous arrangement.
不经事先安排就发放信贷不是本公司的策略。
It's not fair Hazel always takes Edward's part whether he's right or wrong.
黑兹尔不管爱德华是否正确总是站在他一边，这不公正。
It's not just a formality. It's also a matter of courtesy.
这不只是形式，这也是礼貌上该做的事。
It's not polite to interrupt a speaker.
打断人的谈话是不礼貌的。
It's not to be sneezed at.
那是不容忽视的。
It's nothing to shout about. It's a piece of cake for you.
没什么了不了起的，对你是小菜一碟。
It's one of the standard books on the subject.
这是这门学科所采用的书籍之一。
It's only her leg that's hurt.
他只是腿受伤了。
It's pointless to try to read Saddam Hussein's mind. Whether he is playing to Islamic radicals or simply taking a final poke at George Bush, his confrontation with America and the world will soon be one more problem for Mr.Clinton.
猜测萨达姆心里如何想法是毫无意义的。不论他是做给伊斯兰激进分子看，还是趁最后一个机会找布什麻烦，他与美国和全世界对抗，不久就成为克林顿先生的问题。
It's quite a good film, but it's nothing to rave about.
影片倒是好影片，但也不值得大肆吹捧。
It's quite something to be made a government minister while still less than30.
不到三十岁就被任命为国务大臣，真是不简单。
It's really cold.
天气是冷。
It's riding very blind.
这太莽撞了！
It's sell by the yard.
这是按码出售的。
It's so embarrassing!
这太使人窘迫了。
It's started to snow. What price his arriving today now?
开始下雪了，他今天到达现在还有希望吗？
It's sure thing that he'll succeed at what he chooses to do because he's so talented.
因为他那样有才干，他选定的事必将成功，这是无可置疑的。
It's the children's night out and I have to stay home with the nurse.
今晚是孩子们出外游玩的一晚，我得要跟保姆呆在家里。
It's the third house on your right.
就在你左边的第三座房子。
It's time I made some new curtains for the living room.
是我该给起居室做新窗帘的时候了。
It's time that men of good sense and good will to intervene.
这该是那些头脑清醒和心地善良的人们出面干预的时候了。
It's time to put away those foolish ideas.
是该放弃那些愚蠢的想法了。
It's time we laid the cloth for tea.
我们该摆桌进茶点了。
It's time you stopped wrapping Ronald in cotton wool and let him play with other children.
你该结束对罗纳德的溺爱了，让他去和其他孩子玩吧。
It's too expensive.
（它）太贵了。
It's trained hard for the last two years. No wonder he did so well at the track, and- field meet yesterday.
近两年来他一直坚持刻苦训练；因此，在昨天的运动会上取得好成绩不足为怪。
It's unfair.
太不公平了。
It's up to us to help those in need.
我们有责任帮助那些有困难的人。
It's very discouraging to be sneered at all time.
总是受到讥笑使人非常气馁。
It's very kind of you to take the trouble to help me.
你真好，不嫌麻烦地来帮助我。
It's vital to impress the consumer with a good advertising campaign.
进行广告宣传，使消费者熟悉产品，是至关重要的。
It's wise to stake out each freed prisoner for a few months after he gets out of prison.
在获释的每个犯人出狱的头几个月里，派人对其监视是明智的。
It's wrong to spy into people's affairs.
刺探他人的私事是错误的。
It's10 o'clock. He needs an alarm clock.
已经10点钟了。他需要一个闹钟。
Italian painter, architect, and art historian who wrote Lives of the Most Imminent Italian Architects, Painters, and Sculptors(1550), a history of Renaissance art.
瓦萨里，乔吉奥1511－1574意大利画家、建筑师和艺术历史学家，他创作了最迫近的意大利建筑师、画家和雕塑家的生活（1550年），这是一部关于文艺复兴艺术的历史
Its course are enough to give the great bird with its immense wings sufficient sustenance and progress.
这过程足以给这种有特大翅膀的大鸟提供足够的支撑力和前进力了。
Its small dark edible fruit
黑莓（可供食用的黑色小果子）－－
Jack and Jill tumbled down the hill.
杰无和吉尔从山上滚下来了。
Jack did not know much about football, but his knowledge of cricket left us all standing.
杰克对足球懂得不太多，可他对板球就比我们懂得多多了。
Jack had to room with a friend when he first went to college, until he could find a place for himself.
杰克刚进大学还未找到自己的住处之前，得和一个朋友同住一处。
Jack is a good man, but then he is so erratic.
杰克是个好人，但他为人相当怪僻。
Jack is totally in love with his girlfriend.
杰克爱他的女友爱得五体投地。
Jack of all trade and master of none.
杂而不精，一事无成。
Jack shouted:"Walk up, ladies and gentlemen, and see our wonderful collection of freaks."
杰克大声喊道：“女士们，先生们，请进来看看吧，看看我们搜罗的各种各样的畸形动物。”
Jack was assigned to the assembly shop of the factory.
杰克被分配到厂里的装配间工作。
Jack was very late for their date, and Maggie told Jack in no uncertain terms what she thought of him.
杰克约会姗姗来迟，玛吉直截当地告诉杰克她对他的看法。
Jack's idea of a good night out is to get blind drunk.
杰克心里所想的在外面痛痛快快玩一夜就是喝个酩酊大醉。
Jamaica
牙买加
James rarely speak to his wife, he keeps her at arm's length.
詹姆斯难得对妻子讲话，他对她若即若离。
Jane bought herself an old car, just for running around in.
简给自己买了一辆旧车专门用来兜风。
Jane hates parties and always looks for a chance to withdraw into herself and not speak to people.
简讨厌聚会，老是找机会独自一个人呆着，不与别人交谈。
Jane is such a gossip, She was really cutting up Mrs. Jones.
珍妮是个爱说闲话的人，她对琼斯太太很挑剔。
Jane says that Betty is jealous, but Jane is more jealous herself. People who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
简说贝蒂嫉妒心强，可她自己嫉妒心更强。自己有同样缺点的人最好不要说他人。
Jane was in only one scene of the play, but she stole the show from the stars.
简只是在全剧的一场戏中出现，但她（精彩的演出）却把观众对其他明星的喝彩全抢走了。
Jane, I don't like questions or objections. Children should not speak to their elders in such a way.
简，我不喜欢追根究底和提出异议。小孩不该对他们的长辈这样说话。
Jane: You've got to be kidding. We all know you're one of the top students in the language lab class.
珍妮：你一定是在开玩笑，我们都知道你是语言实习课中最好的学生之一。
January is the coldest month in a year.
正月是一年当中最冷的月份。
Japan's tomorrow.
日本的未来。
Jazz always turns my father on, but it turns my mother off.
我父亲一听爵士乐就来劲，但我母亲却对之兴趣索然。
Jean is a blue-eyed girl.
珍是个蓝眼睛的女孩。
Jeff is usually an abrasive character, but he can be as sweet as honey when he wants something.
杰弗通常是一个生硬粗暴的人，但他想得到某物时，他会象蜜一样甜。
Jerry has offered to take a share in the work.
杰里表示愿意参加这项工作。
Jets screeching over the house-tops
在房顶上呼啸而过的喷气式飞机
Jim and his wife were busting up again yesterday.
吉姆和他的妻子昨天又吵架了。
Jim entered all his expenses in a notebook.
吉姆把他的一切支出都记在笔记本里。
Jim have not hold down a job for more than a year.
没有一份工作吉姆能保住一年。
Jim saw that the firm was going to be ruined, so he pulled out.
吉姆看到公司要垮台了，因此就撤出了。
Jim was a good wrestler but a poor boxer. He burned his boats by letting Bob choose how they would fight.
吉姆精于摔跤而不善于拳击。他自断退路，让鲍勃选择他们打斗方式。
Jim's a great hand at organizing barbecues, but he often drinks too much and then burns the steaks.
吉姆擅长组织野外宴会，但他常常喝得太多，结果就把牛排烤焦了。
Jim: Hmmm... Maybe you'd better tell me where the nearest motorcycle dealer is.
吉米：嗯－－或许你最好告诉我离这最近的摩托车商在哪里。
Jin Qiao promised to hand in the money early next morning.
金桥答应第二天一早就把钱交上去。
Joan's not pretty, to be sure, but she's very intelligent.
当然，琼并不漂亮，可她非常聪明。
Joe hammer a tack into the wall to hang a picture.
乔用锤子把一只大头钉敲进墙中用来挂一幅画。
Joe knocked his opponent out in the first round of the contest.
乔在比赛的第一回合中就把对方击倒了。
Joe's ears burned when he heard his classmates praising him to each other.
琼听到同学们交口称赞他时，羞得面红耳赤。
John acts as if he were carrying the would on his back because he has a paper route.
约翰获得了一份上门送报的工作，便自以为了不起。
John and Jean are keeping company but I don't think they'll ever marry.
约翰现在跟琴要好，不过我想他们决不会结婚的。
John asked for a new deal after he had been punished for fighting in school.
约翰在学校打架受罚后，请求给他一个改正的机会。
John can keep all these dates in his head.
约翰能记住所有这些年代。
John couldn't keep cool when he met his rival.
约翰见到他的对手就不能冷静下来。
John drew plans for a table for his mother, but he did not followthrough by making it.
约翰替他母亲设计了好多桌子的式样，但始终没有做出一张。
John gets about all over Europe even though he hasn't got point a car.
约翰几乎走遍了全欧洲，尽管他没有车。
John had studied Chinese before he came to China.
约翰来中国之前已学过中文。
John has served his time as a carpenter's apprentice.
约翰给木匠当学徒的期限已满了。
John hit the bull's eye when he said the big question was one of simple honest.
约翰说重要的问题乃是诚实，这正说到点子上了。
John is always sticking his chin out by saying something he shouldn't.
约翰总是说一些不该说的话，招惹麻烦。
John is in love with his work.
约翰热爱他的工作。
John is sad because he just got the sack from his girl.
约翰很伤心，因为他与女朋友吹了。
John is very stubborn. He never eats his hat.
约翰很固执，他从不承认自己人的错误。
John like to play volleyball.
约翰喜欢打排球。
John made his property over to his wife.
约翰把他的财产交给他的妻子。
John often plays the fool so it is difficult to know when to take him seriously.
约翰常常逗人笑，因此要想知道何时他是正经就很困难了。
John prefaced his speech with an amusing story.
约翰用一个有趣的故事做开场白。
John romped home well ahead of all the other runners.
约翰赛马跑时轻而易举地战胜了所有的选手。
John seems to know all the answers, but I don't think he's as clever as he appears at first.
约翰似乎是个万事通，不过我认为他没有看上去的那样聪明。
John suddenly left, in something of a pet.
约翰突然离去，有些生气的样子。
John tried to help the putt fall by using body English.
约翰尽量把身体扭向洞口方向以期高尔夫球能落进洞内。
John was able to stay with the leading runner only in the first few loops.
约翰只是头几圈能与领先的赛跑运动员并驾齐驱。
John was hooked on heroin.
约翰吸海洛因成瘾。
John was received into the Church when he was already an old man.
约翰一大把年纪时才被接纳为教会成员。
John will be my deputy while I am away.
我不在时，约翰将是我的代理人。
John's been complaining of severe stomach pains all day. You'd better send him to bed and call the doctor.
约翰整天叫胃痛得厉害。你最好让他上床休息，并去请位医生。
John's got two left feet when it comes to dancing.
约翰跳起舞来显得笨手笨脚的。
John's out of his tree! He's just driven at a speed of80 miles an hour!
约翰疯了！他竟以每小时80英里的速度开车！
John, the artist, could see the commission for the murals going up in smoke.
艺术家约翰看出委托制作壁画的事己告吹了。
Johnny was an outdoor man and could make himself at home in the woods at night.
约翰尼习惯于户外生活，故而夜晚在林中感到怡然自得。
Johnson's convincing speech won most of the committee to his opinions.
约翰逊的演讲很有说服力，大多数委员都接受了他的观点。
Jones is a common surname.
琼斯是个很普通的姓。
Journalism in which a news story is presented primarily through photographs with supplementary written copy.
摄影新闻（工作），摄影图片报道主要通过照片和附加书面注释来报导新闻的报刊杂志
Judge Stephens allowed no foolishness when he held court.
斯蒂芬斯法官在开庭时不准人胡闹。
Judging by his accent, he must be from the South.
从他的口音判断，他一定是南方人。
Judy, may I have a word with you in my office?
朱迪，你能到我办公室吗？我要和你谈一谈。
Jumbo shrimp; a jumbo jet.
大虾；巨型喷气式飞机
Jumped when the phone rang.
电话铃响时吓了一跳
Jupiter, with august gravity, sitting in the midst.
朱庇特威风凛凛地坐在当中。
Just a moment...ok, I'll connect you. Hold on, please.
请稍候……。我为你转接，请稍候。
Just as the planets revolve about the sun, planetary electrons are thought of as revolving about the nucleus.
正像行星围绕太阳转一样，行星般的电子被认为是围着原子核转的。
Just before the frost farmers everywhere rushed to give the land a good watering.
就在霜冻之前，各地的农民都赶紧在地里好好浇了一遍水。
Just fancy(that)!
真是无奇不有！
Just hear of your success sincerest congratulations and best wish for your future
刚刚得知您获得成功，谨此致以衷心的祝贺，并对将来致以最美好的祝愿。
Just like my luck! If I had been bred a hatter, little boys would have come into the world without heads.
唉，又是倒霉啦！假如我是被养大当帽子工人的，生下来的孩子可能都没带头颅来的吧。
Just miss a target, fail a test, reach the top
稍稍偏离目标、测验只差一点儿就及格、勉强达到顶端
Just run your finger down the list and see if all the names are there, will you?
就用手指头指着名单往下看，看是不是所有的人的名字都在上面，好吗？
Just the same as always.
就跟往常一样。
Just think of what we could learn there!
只要想想我们在那儿可以学到东西吧！
Just when we thought we had the matter nicely settled in stormed peter claiming the that the vote was irregular.
正当我们认为事情已经妥善解决了时，彼得却气冲冲地闯了进来，声称投票违反了常规。
Justice will prevail over injustice.
正义一定会战胜非正义。
Kate, come over here.
凯特，到这边来。
Keep a level head and phone the Fire Department.
保持冷静，打电话给消防署。
Keep behind, that group of people will lead you to the cinema.
跟着走，那群人会带你到电影院的。
Keep from moisture!
切勿受潮！
Keep off the grass!
匆踩草地！
Keep quiet, please, children! Father's asleep.
孩子们，请安静。父亲在睡觉。
Keep the news from him, he'll tell everyone about it.
不要让他知道这消息，他会把它告诉其他人的。
Keep up your spirits!
振作起来！打起精神！
Keep your hands off me; or I'll knock you down.
不要碰我，当心我把你打倒在地。
Ken wanted to paint the room green but his wife had already chosen pink and he had no say in the matter.
肯想把这间屋子漆成绿色，但他的妻子却决定要刷成粉红色的，他在这件事上没有发言权。
Kevin is Ray's side- kick.
凯文是雷的铁哥们。
Killing seem normal now.
现在凶手似乎很正常。
Kindly send us two samples of each class quote for.
报价时，请对每一个等级的各寄两个样品。
King-size fitted sheets.
适合加阔床的床单
Knew the city inside out.
对这个城市非常了解
Knock off every objection
排除一切反对意见
Knocked the books to the floor with an impatient dash of his hand.
他不耐烦地用手一挥，将书猛地推到地上
Knowledge begin with practice.
认识从实践开始。
Knowledge or awareness; cognizance.
知道了解或察觉；承认
LIST SERVER
目录服务器
Lack of ability or means.
无能缺乏能力或方法
Lack of interest is a guarantee of failure.
缺乏兴趣肯定会导致失败
Lack of the knowledge gained from experience.
缺乏经验知识缺乏由经验得来的知识
Lacking animation, variety, or distinction; dull.
无精打彩的，乏味的缺少生气、变化或差别的；乏味的
Lacking distinguishing qualities; not distinctive.
无差别的缺乏可以辨别的特点；不显著
Lacking in harmony.
不协调的；不和谐的
Lacking material form or substance.
精神上的缺少物质形式的或实质的
Lacking planning, method, or organization.
无计划的，杂乱无章的，无组织的
Lacking sophistication or worldly experience; naive.
幼稚的，天真的不世故的，天真的
Lacking warmth of feeling.
冷淡的缺乏温暖的感情
Lamb's essays.
兰姆的随笔。
Land or an area of land of high elevation, especially when level.
高地地势很高的陆地或地区，尤其是当这样的陆地或地区平坦的时候
Language is peculiar to mankind.
语言是人类特有的。
Large air and navel forces were set into action.
庞大的空军和海军部队开始行动了。
Largest Florida county stops recount in blow to Gore.
佛州迈阿密戴德郡停止人工验票大大打击戈尔扭转情势的期待。
Last evening I was rung up by an old friend whom I had not heard of for years.
昨晚一位老朋友打电话给我，我多年来没听到他的消息了。
Last sheet of paper in a legal document which, when fold, become the outside sheet and carry the endorsement.
法律文件的最后一页，当折叠时，它成了外边的一页并带有背书。
Last year I returned home and was surprised to find both the village and the people completely changed.
去年我返乡探亲，惊讶地发现小村和村里的人都发生了变化。
Last year's tax demands are closing on them.
去年的征税查询通知正威胁着他们。
Lat let there be no ill will.
勿存歹心，勿存恶念。
Later models of the car retained many features of the original.
新近的汽车样式保持了许多从前产品的特征
Laugh while you can, fella.
看你还能得意到几时！小子。
Lavish or unrestrained expense; extravagance.
浪费，挥霍奢侈的或无限制的花费；奢侈
Lawyer is the only person in whom ignorance of the law is not punished.
只有律师是不会因不谙法律而受到惩罚的人们。
Lay insensible where he had fallen.
他晕倒在跌倒的地方
Lay this sheet over blanket.
把这个床单盖在毛毯上。
Lead me, my Guide, before the light fades, into the valley of quiet where life's harvest mellows into golden wisdom.
我的引导者呵，领导着我在光明逝去之前，进到沉静的山谷里去吧。在那里，一生的收获将会成熟为黄金的智慧。
Lean meat can be larded to keep it moist in the oven.
瘦肉上可加咸肉片烤制以保持水分。
Learn to creep before you leap.
先学爬，后学跳。（循序渐进）
Learning English takes quite a long time.
学英语要花很长的时间。
Leased or private, usually referring to communications lines or equipment.
租用的或私人的，通常指的是通信线路或设备。
Leave all the details to us.
将细节都交给我们
Leave my daughter alone!
别来找我的女儿！
Leave the window open: we need some air in the house.
让窗户开着，我们房子需要一点空气。
Led a massive military offensive.
发动全面的军事攻击
Left my book on the bus.
把我的书留在公共汽车上了
Legal redress for unfair dismissal
对不合理的解雇一事提起诉讼以求匡正
Lend an ear to those in need.
听听贫困人声音吧。
Lenin fought stubbornly for the purity of Marxist theory.
列宁顽强地为维护马克思主义学说的纯洁性而战斗。
Lessons from observing nature.
从观察自然中获得的东西
Let every man who pants for fame select his own style of pants and go ahead.
让每一个渴望名声的人捡他自己（喜欢）的式样的内裤去吧。
Let him have his fling now while he is young.
让他趁著现在年轻及时行乐。
Let it alone!
不要去碰它！
Let me catch you up on all the gossip.
让我把所有的流言蜚语简要地说给你
Let me explain why I was late.
让我解释迟到的理由。
Let me give you some advice.
让我向你提些劝告吧！
Let me hear you sing once again.
让我再听你唱一次。
Let me lift that heavy box for you.
我来替你提那只重箱子吧。
Let me premise my argument with a bit of history.
让我引述一些史实作为我立论的前提。
Let me see, table linen,5, 000 sets, same type of set as before.
我想想看，白色桌布5000条，和以前是同一种类的。
Let me sketch in a little more of our plans.
让我把我们的计划再稍加补充。
Let me top up your glass.
我来把你的杯子斟满。
Let that fly stick to the wall.
[苏]对这件事[问题]不要再谈了。
Let the tea leaves steep in boiling water for five minutes.
让茶叶在滚开的水中浸泡五分钟。
Let up then beware of self-deception.
那就让我们提防自欺行为吧。
Let us drink to the happy pair.
让我们为幸福的一对举杯祝福。
Let us imagine that a strike suddenly happens. What would be the most appropriate course of action?
让我们设想突然发生一场罢工，采取什么样的行动才是最恰当的。
Let us rally closer round the Party Central Committee to win still greater victories.
让我们更紧密地团结在党中央的周围，去争取更大的胜利。
Let us, then, be up and doing,
那么，让我们振作起来行动吧，
Let's begin by look at the general plan of this project.
我们来着手看看这项工程总的计划吧。
Let's call her up on the telephone and find out.
我们给她打个电话，了解一下。
Let's choose up and play ball.
咱们分成两队开始赛球吧。
Let's cut the picture out of the newspaper.
咱们把报上的这张画剪下来。
Let's draw for partner?
我们抽牌来决定搭档吧。
Let's face it; you're getting too old to go hang gliding.
让我们正视事实，你上了年纪不能参加悬挂式滑翔运动。
Let's fix when we will start.
我们来决定何时动身。
Let's get off this topic of conversation.
咱们别再谈这个题目了吧。
Let's get up bright and early and drive down to Devon.
让我们一大早就起身驱车去德文郡。
Let's go around the town, not through it.
我们绕过这城镇吧，不要穿过去了。
Let's go home. They'll be wondering where we are.
咱们回家吧，他们会奇怪，我们到哪儿去了。
Let's go round to Neville's house this evening.
咱们今天晚上去内维尔家串门吧。
Let's go to the dining-room.
咱们到饭厅去吧。
Let's have a game of chess.
让我们下一局西洋棋吧。
Let's have the house fixed up.
咱们把房子修理一下。
Let's hope the telly doesn't go off/out again.
希望这台破电视别再出毛病。
Let's leave her to solve the problem.
我们把这个问题任由她去解决吧。
Let's look at the cast first.
我们先来看看演员表吧。
Let's make the scene at the party tonight.
我们今晚去参加晚会吧。
Let's not get into the city's politics—that's a different can of worms.
我们不要卷入这个城市的政治—那又是一项复杂问题。
Let's not walk so fast.
咱们不要走这么快。
Let's pin the notice on the bulletin board.
咱们把这个通知钉在布告牌上吧。
Let's pull up these plants by the roots.
让我们把这些植物连根拔起。
Let's read the play through at the first practice and put in the moves later.
首先我们来练习念台词，以后我们再配动作。
Let's run in and see you parents this afternoon.
今天下午咱们去看望一下你父母吧。
Let's see...oh. Yes, you have not fit it properly.
我们来检查一下……啊，对了－你没有装好插头。
Let's sing a song during the break.
我们趁这空当儿唱支歌。
Let's start early.
我们提早出发吧。
Let's take a few pictures of it.
咱们来给它照几张像。
Let's take turns at doing it.
让我们轮流来做吧。
Let's treat the matter lightly.
我们将此事轻轻带过吧。
Let's use blue ink.
让我们用蓝墨水。
Letter of hypothecation
押汇负责书，押汇保证书
Li Lan seldom goes out by herself.
李兰很少自己单独出门。
Liberals sweep to victory in divided Canada.
加国选举，自由党大获全胜。
Lie on a bed
躺在床上
Life here is getting more difficult all the time let's go while the going's good.
这里的生活越来越困难了－－趁现在好走，咱们还是走吧。
Life is made up of little things.
[谚]人生是由琐碎的事物构成的。
Life on a farm is a far cry from what I've been used to.
农场生活与我已过惯的日子迥然不同。
Lifted their voices in song.
唱歌时提高了嗓门
Light, playful banter.
戏谑轻松逗弄的玩笑
Like Mr.Perot, the77-year-old Mr.Chung is campaigning on a platform that the country's current leadership has run the economy into the ground, though it is a tough argument in South Korea, where economic growth this year is running at more than7 percent.
像佩罗先生一样，77岁的郑先生的竞选口号是：目前国家领导操之过急把经济搞得一塌糊涂。不过在南韩这种说法难以成立——该国本年经济增长超过百分之七。
Like fun I will!
我才不呢！
Like teacher, like pupil.
什么样的老师教什么样的学生。
Likes to dish out advice.
喜欢没完没了地提忠告
Linda broke out, "That's not so!"
琳达突然大声喊道：“不是那么回事！”
Linda walked out yesterday because her father wanted her to marry a rich old man.
琳达昨天出走了，因为她父亲要她嫁给一个有钱的老头。
Line up these men and see if the witness can recognize the criminal.
将这些人排成一行，看看目击者是否能认出罪犯。
Lisa is crying. What's up with her?
莉沙在哭，她怎么了？
Listen, Xiao Wang, that doesn't solve the problem.
小王，听我说，这解决不了问题。
Lit a lamp.
点亮一盏灯
Little Tom was lolling about on the couch, eating sweets.
小汤姆懒洋洋地躺在睡椅上，吃着糖果。
Liu: I had a dream of becoming a fighter pilot from my childhood. When I heard that there was a book titled"fighter", I was determined to find it.
刘：我小时侯曾梦想当飞行员，但是这个梦想破灭了，所以，当我听到有一本书叫《战斗机》时，我想方设法去找这本书。
Lived a day-to-day existence.
过着一天算一天的生活
Lives ten minutes from school.
住处离学校只有十分钟路程
Living or located on an island.
住在或位于岛上的
Loathsome or unpleasant to the touch.
触摸起来让人厌恶或令人不快的
Located at or toward the front; forward.
在前部的，向前的位于或朝前的；向前的
Located or occurring posterior to the nose.
鼻后的位于鼻后的，或发生于鼻后的
Locusts swarmed over the field.
田野里满是蜂拥而至的蝗虫。
London is a financial centre.
伦敦是个金融中心。
Long experience enabled them to hammer out a correct and practical scheme.
长期地经验使他们能制订出一个正确和切实的方案
Long- distance race is win by the runner with the greatest endurance.
有非凡耐力的选手才能赢得长跑比赛的冠军。
Look at that sixteen-storey building!
瞧那幢十六层的大楼！
Look at the versicolor skies.
请看看颜色千变万化的天空。
Look forward to a hard year
预期将有一个艰苦的年头会到来
Look into
调查，观察
Look this over for me and see if it is all right, will you?
请你帮我把这篇东西看看，看有没有错，好吗？
Look what the rain has done to the flowers.
看，雨把花打成啥样了？
Look, here's john! john- tom-, tom- john.
瞧，约翰来了！约翰，这是汤姆；汤姆，这是约翰。
Looked to his neglected guitar during vacation.
在假期里想到了他那被遗忘的吉它
Looking out the high window went to the woman's head.
从高处窗户向外看，这个女人的头发晕了。
Loose packing material used to protect a ship's cargo from damage during transport.
垫料保护船载货物不在运输中受损的散置包装材料
Los Angeles is a city of America.
洛杉矶是美国的一个城市。
Loss of physical or mental health
（身体的）衰退；（精神的）崩溃
Lost of people insist on eating with a knife who were born with a silver spoon in their mouth.
许多人，已经是口里带着银调羹生下来的了，还坚持要餐吃东西。
Lots of people were thus denied the right to vote.
就这样许多人被剥夺了选举权。
Louisa have go abroad, but that's just by the way.
路易莎出国了，不过这只是顺便说说。
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
恋爱与丑闻，是喝茶的最佳甜点心。
Love is life in its fulness like the cup with its wine.
爱就是充实了的生命，正如盛满了酒的酒杯。
Love never dies of starvation but often of indigestion.
恋爱决不至于因饿而死，而是多数因消化不良而死。
Love your neighbour, yet do not pull down your hedge.
爱你的邻人吧，但也别毁掉你的篱笆。
Low grades are getting Hellen down.
低分数使海伦闷闷不乐。
Lower rates for telephone calls made during off-peak hours; travelers who take advantage of off-peak fares.
在电话非高峰使用段时实行的低收费；利用交通低峰（非高峰）时的低收费标准旅行的旅客
Luckily I was at home when he called.
他来看我时，我幸好好在家。
Lucky(old) you!
你真走运！
Luxuriant forests covered the hills.
山上长满茂密的树林。
MPs voted against bringing back the death penalty.
下议院议员投票反对恢复死刑。
Macro-control targets
宏观调控目标
Made a flying visit to the neighbors' house; took a flying glance at the report.
到邻家的一次极短促的拜访；飞快地扫一眼报告
Made light and high by yeast or other leaven.
发酵的用酵母或其它发酵剂使…轻而高
Made of or resembling flax.
亚麻的亚麻制的或象亚麻的
Made up of amateurs.
票友的由业余爱好者组成的
Maggie showed me a hand-drawn map but I could make nothing of it.
马吉给我画了张地图，但我却看不懂。
Main civil court in England and Wales
英格兰和威尔士的主要民事法院
Major Jack joined the army as a boy entrant and worked his way up.
杰克少校是少年入伍，后来逐步升上去的。
Make a request
提出请求
Make fun of
取笑，嘲弄
Make merry; make free.
快乐地做；自由地做
Make sure his appointment doesn't clash with mine.
一定不要让他的约会跟我的约会订在同一个时间。
Make sure you don't smoke here!
你一定不要在这里吸烟！
Make up for
补偿，弥补
Makes no claim to be a cure.
不能断言为有效对策
Malcolm has been walking on air since he was offered that job he has been trying so hard for.
自马尔科姆得到那份他一直非常想得到工作后，他一直洋洋得意。
Man cannot live by bread alone.
人不能单靠面包生活。
Man is a rational being.
人是有理性的动物。
Man proposes, God disposes.
谋事在人，成事在天。
Managed to draw the shy child out.
设法使害羞的孩子无拘无束地说话
Manager
经理
Manufacture an excuse.
胡乱编个理由
Many a famous pop star has been ruined by drugs.
很多著名的流行音乐歌星都因使用毒品而毁了自己。
Many a person had been taken in by that trick.
好些人都为这一花招所骗。
Many are called but few are chosen.
邀请的人多，选上的人少。
Many children died with smallpox in the past.
过去有许多孩子死于天花。
Many different qualities go to the making of a President.
一个总统需要具备许多不同的品质。
Many excellent intellectuals at the peak of their careers have been struck down by heart disease.
许多优秀的知识分子在其事业的高峰期被心脏病拖垮了。
Many great men were once poor, unimportant boys. Great oaks form little acorn grow.
许多伟人曾经是贫苦、不足轻重的小孩。好汉不怕出生贱。
Many kinds of animals have vanished from the earth.
许多动物已人地球上消失了。
Many museums have changed in appearance.
许多博物馆在外观上有了变化。
Many of the customs and rituals of this tribe were as old as the hills they dwelt among.
这个部落的很多习俗和仪礼可追溯到很久远的时代。
Many of them showed that they did not understand the importance of this question.
他们很多人都表现出对这问题的重要性没有认识。
Many people are at a loss as to what to do in case of a real fire.
一旦真的发生火灾，许多人就不知所措，不知道该干什么好了。
Many people don't like Mike, but I speak as I find, he's never done me any harm.
很多人不喜欢迈克，不过凭我对他的了解来说，他到从来未伤害过我。
Many people prefer to be spectators, either by attending the games in person, or watching them on television, or listening to them on the radio.
许多人更喜欢当观众，或者亲自去比赛现场，或者从电视上观看比赛，或者从收音机上收听比赛。
Many people want to buy it because, for one thing, the price is low.
许多人想买它，原因之一就是价格便宜。
Many prisoners, on being freed, reverted to a life of crime.
许多犯人一被释放，就重新开始了犯罪生涯。
Many rookies have gone temporarily over the hill, but none deserted.
许多新兵都短期开过小差，但无一人真正离开队伍。
Many students were crushed out of the hall.
许多学生没有挤进大厅。
Many trees fell in the storm.
在那场暴风雨中有许多树都倒了。
Many workers have taken to the arts in the past few years.
过去几年中，许多工人对美术发生了兴趣。
Many young rock hounds grow up to be geologists.
许许多多爱好收集岩石的少年，长大后成了地质学家。
Margin a transaction.
存入交易保证金
Marilyn is a pretty girl but that new barmaid at our local pub leaves her standing.
玛里琳是个非常漂亮的姑娘，但我们这里酒店中新来的酒吧女比她更姣好。
Mark cheated all his friends; he is just a lowdown son of a bitch.
马克欺骗了所有的朋友；他是母狗养的卑劣的家伙。
Mark stole some money; Jones knew it and was holding it over him.
马克偷过一些钱，琼斯知道这件事就以此来威胁他。
Marked by brutality or depravity.
残忍的，野蛮的表现为残忍的或野蛮的
Marked by or causing misfortune; unlucky.
倒霉的充满晦气的或引起倒霉的；不幸的
Marked by refinement in taste and manners; cultured; polished.
高尚的，有教养的品味和举止优雅的；有文化的；有修养的
Market hesitate as further information lacking.
缺乏进一步的信息，行市停下来。
Marketed in a finished condition in standard sizes. Used of clothing.
成衣的；制成的以标准的尺寸；完成的状态在市场上出售的。用于指服装
Marriage is a feast where the grace is sometimes better than the dinner.
结婚等于是饭前的感恩祈祷比正餐更好的一类宴会。
Marry made a play for Jonathan as soon as she met him."I'm going to marry that boy." She told her friend.
玛丽一见到乔纳森就设法与他接近。她告诉她的朋友说，“我想嫁给那个男人。”
Martin deposited the case in the left-luggage office.
马丁把箱子寄放在行李寄存处。
Mary Ann can reasonably claim to have betting in her blood. Her father is a well-know London bookie with several shops.
玛丽·安可以有理由声言她生来就爱打赌。她父亲在伦敦是有名的登记赌注人，开有几个赌店。
Mary and her twin sister are the splitting image of each other.
玛丽和她的孪生姐妹两人简直是一模一样。
Mary collects folk song records; and the records in the store window made her mouth water.
玛丽收集民歌唱片，商店橱窗里的那些唱片使她馋涎欲滴。
Mary doesn't go for horror films, and she can't understand why anyone likes them.
玛丽不爱看恐怖影片，她不懂为什么竟会有人喜欢这类片子。
Mary go home in April.
玛丽是四月里回的家。
Mary has derived a lot of benefit from her tuition.
玛丽从她的教学中得到很大收益。
Mary herself is going to bake a cake.
玛丽要自己动手做饼。
Mary is always within call of her mother.
玛丽对母亲总是随叫随到。
Mary is her mother's right hand.
玛丽是母亲的好帮手。
Mary is the life and soul of any company she is in.
玛丽不管和哪些伙伴在一起，总是个活跃分子。
Mary left the house this morning and I haven't seen hide or hair of her since.
玛丽早上离开了家，自那以后我就再也不见她的踪影。
Mary must go home now, and Alden likewise.
玛丽现在要回家，奥尔登也要回去。
Mary put a finger to her lips to signal silence.
玛丽把手指放在唇边示意别出声。
Mary saved up pieces of cloth to make a quilt.
玛丽留下几块布准备做一床被子。
Mary talked to the shy girl so that she wouldn't feel left out.
玛丽和那位害羞的姑娘交谈，以免让她觉得没人理她。
Mary took the new job to better herself.
玛丽接受这份新的工作，以提高自己的身价。
Mary was afraid of falling from the ladder.
玛丽害怕从梯上掉下来。
Mary was shy at her introduction to the whole class.
当被介绍给全班同学时，玛丽很害羞。
Mary went with Jim for two years before they were married.
玛丽和吉姆恋爱了两年以后才结婚。
Mary writes the least carefully and neatly in these five children.
在这五个孩子中，玛丽写得最不工整。
Mary's hair style was in keeping with the latest fashion.
玛丽的发型正是最近流行的那种。
Mary's uncle gave her a sure-enough pearl on a little gold chain.
玛丽的叔叔送给她一枚拴在一条小金链上的纯真珍珠。
Masonry is a careful skill.
砖石工艺是一种精心的技艺。
Mate's receipt
大副收据
Material, such as cord or thread, used to lash or bind parts.
用来抽打的绳索用于鞭笞或捆缚部件的材料，如线或绳
Matter can exist as a solid, liquid, or gas.
物体存在的形态有固体，液体，气体。
Maxim seems to be particularly fond of her.
马西姆似乎特别喜欢她。
May I be allowed to use this typewriter?
我能用一用这架打字机吗？
May I clip out the report on my performance?
我可以剪下这篇关于我演出的报道吗？
May I have a party?
我可以举行派对么？
May I have the pleasure of addressing Mr. Chairman?
我是否可以对主席先生讲话。
May I help you? Please.
我可以帮你吗？好的
May I make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon?
我能安排个今天下午早些时候的预约吗？
May I prevail on you to make a speech after dinner.
可以请你在用餐後讲几句话吗。
May I sit in on your class?
我可以来听你的课吗？
May I take this magazine home?
我可以把这本杂志带回家吗？
May I try on this sweater?
我可以试穿这件毛衣吗？
May he rest in peace!
愿死者安息吧！
May we go home, please?
请问我们可以回家了吗？
May you have a fine trip.
祝你一路顺风。
Maybe he can help to break the shock to her.
或许他能帮忙把这噩耗告诉她。
Maybe you can't really blame him, but Mayor Koch obviously hasn't looked at himself in the mirror lately, especially when he says President Reagan is a wimp. I guess it takes one to know one.
也许你实在不应该责备葛市长，他显然最近没照照镜子，尤其他不应该说里根总统是一个窝囊废。我想他自己一定是窝囊废才知道谁是窝囊废。
Meal times are shown on the notice board.
告示牌上写有用餐时间。
Meanwhile they were preparing to seize control by violence.
与此同时，他们还做准备以暴力夺取控制权。
Measurable by a common standard; commensurable.
可用共同标准测量的；可共同测量的
Measures were taken to made the nonproductive expenses remain down.
已采取措施以不使非生产性开支增加。
Medical supplies are flied in under the aegis of the red cross.
在红十字会的保护下，正在空运进医药用品。
Meeting likely carry over tomorrow director an oppose against majority, which may result unsuccessful.
会议可能于明日举行。领导A不同意大多数人意见，这样结果可能不会太好。
Members of his family have sat for the town for over a century.
一个多世纪以来，他的家庭成员一直是一市镇的议员。
Memory is a child walking along a seashore. You can never tell what small pebble it will pick up and store away among its treasured things.
记忆犹如一个沿着海边行走的孩子。你永远无法知道它会拣起哪块小石头珍藏起来。
Men hate an"uppity" woman; they also hate an"aggressive" woman. Ours has been a Jane Crow society for several thousands of years.
男办们不喜欢“傲慢的女人”，也不喜欢“敢作敢为的”女人。我们的社会几千年来就是一个歧视妇女的社会。
Men of the north.
从北方来的人们
Mental acceptance of and conviction in the truth, actuality, or validity of something.
信念对真理、事实或某物的正确性在思想上接受或深信不疑
Merchant's draft(bill)
商人开出的票据、商业汇票
Mess up the enemy radar by jamming
利用人为干扰来扰乱敌人的雷达
Metaphysics is the finding of bad reasons for what we believe on instinct.
形而上学，等于为我们本能地相信的东西找寻无谓的理由。
Michael always liked to please the fair sex; but they generally laughed at him.
迈克尔总是喜欢取悦女性，但她们通常拿他来取笑。
Mick's Field was thereafter forbidden to them but, for no better reason than that stolen sweets are always sweeter, they did sometimes play there.
米克的球场后来禁止他们去打球。但是他们有时还是去打，原因不外乎是偷来的糖果分外甜罢了。
Middle-brow writers, books, music, interests
平凡的作家、书籍、音乐、情趣
Mike Jackson, the new pop singer, was certainly a hit with the audience at the Playhouse Theatre last night.
迈克·杰克逊，一名新的流行歌星，昨晚在剧场当然地受到观众们的欢迎。
Mike longed to do something for the people across the sea.
迈克期望能为海外的人们做一些事情。
Mildred phoned to say she has a splitting headache and won't be coming to work today.
米尔德里德打电话说她头痛欲裂，因此今天不来上班了。
Milk comes from cows or other animals.
奶产自奶牛或其他动物。
Miller used to dine out on his popularity as a playwright.
米勒过去常靠着他剧作家的声望被邀赴宴。
Mind other men, but most yourself.
关心他人，尤须关心自己。
Mind what you're doing.
什么都要当心。
Mind you. That dog is very dangerous when provoked.
＂当心，那条狗被激怒时是很危险的。＂
Minerva forbore no longer, nor interposed any further advice.
密涅瓦再也不能容忍了，她也不再提出进一步的忠告。
Misconduct that cheapened a high office.
身居要职却做出的有损威信的错误行为
Miss Grace disdain speaking ill of others.
格丽斯小姐不屑于说别人的坏话。
Miss Powel went to town every third day.
鲍威尔太太每隔两天上街一次。
Missed my connection in Atlanta.
我错过了亚特兰大转运的公车
Mix the flour with some milk.
把面粉和一些牛奶调和。
Modern architecture at its best
处於鼎盛时期的现代建筑学
Modest and reserved in manner or behavior.
娴静的，少言的态度或行为上谦恭并且沉默寡言的
Mom, Dad's birthday is coming up. I don't know what to give him. Do you have any ideas for a gift?
妈妈，爸爸的生日快到了。我不知道送给他点什么好。你有什么建议？
Money building interest in a savings account; build support for a political candidate.
储蓄中逐渐增多的利息；加强一个政党候选人的支持
Money has no smell.
[谚]钱是没有味的。
Money make by selling fix asset or by selling share at a profit
按有利可图价格出售固定资产或出售股票所赚的钱
Money talks, that's for sure. All the best seats were reserved for the big shots.
钱可通神，一点也不假。所有的好座位都留给了大人物。
Monkeys are imitative.
猴子爱模仿。
Moral disapproval; condemnation.
道义上不允许；非难
More and more countries in Europe are beginning to incline towards some form of socialism.
在欧洲，越来越多的国家倾向于某种形式的社会主义。
More difficult times are yet to come for the unlawfully- bear child.
对这个私生子来说，更艰难的日子还在後头。
More oxygen may be blown on to the charge until the composition of the metal were satisfactory.
如果钢液的化学成分不合格，可以继续吹炼至满意为止。
More than two weeks have now passed. Consequently, your claim to compensation under the policy has been forfeited.
现已超过两周有多，按照保单条款，贵厂索取补偿的权利已被取消。
Morris is of those who can always get money at a pinch.
莫里斯这类人总能在必要的时候弄到钱。
Most animals let their young fend for themselves from an early age.
大多数动物让他们的幼仔从小就独立生活。
Most economists here say that California's economic slump has not bottomed out and that it may grow worse before the earliest projected recovery in1995.
此间大多数经济学家说，加利福尼亚的经济衰退尚未度过难关。预计经济复苏最早将在1995年，在以前可能恶化。
Most honest; most impatiently.
最诚实的；最不耐心地
Most of Sahara receives almost no rain at all.
撤哈拉大部分地区终年无雨。
Most of the Sahara is uninhabitable.
撒哈拉沙漠的大部份地区都不适於居住。
Most of the houses in this street are owner-occupied.
这条街上多数房子都是自用的。
Most of the province is as flat as a pancake.
那省的大部分地区地势平坦。
Most of the voters are now lined up against him in the election campaign.
在竞选运动中多数选民都已联合起来反对他。
Most of us fail in our efforts at self- improvement because our schemes are too ambitious.
我们中的大部分人在自我修养的努力中失败了，因为我们的计划过于宏大。
Most people are right-handed.
大多数人惯用右手。
Most people know electricity standing still is no more useful than is a stationary belt between a steam engine and a machine to be driven.
大多数人认为，停滞不动的电并不比架设在蒸汽机和要被传动的机器之间的固定带更有用。
Most plants develop from seeds.
多数植物都是由种了长成的。
Most southern town have suffer from the reckless depredation of the armed gang.
大多数南方城镇都遭受过这帮武装匪徒的鲁蛮掠夺。
Mother always buys many things at the January wither sale to save money.
为了节省钱，母亲总是在元月份家用织物减价大销售时购买了许多东西。
Mother dealt three candies each.
母亲分给每个人三粒糖果。
Mother is all of a flutter because of thunder and lightning.
由于电闪雷鸣，妈妈感到十分不安。
Mother put the three children to bed.
母亲把3个孩子都安顿上床睡觉了。
Mother stamped heavily on her foot and muttered,"Shut up."
母亲用力踩了她一脚，咕哝了一声，“住嘴”。
Mother was a little child then.
当时母亲还是个小孩子。
Mother's milk is believed to help a suckling child avoid disease.
据信母乳可以帮助尚未断奶的孩子避免疾病。
Motion to adjourn a sit until the following day
要求下院会议推迟到次日举行的动议
Mount a horse; mount a platform.
骑上马；登上台，走上台
Move back! There is a bomb in this building.
避开！这所建筑物里有炸弹。
Move up, please; you are taking up more than half the bench.
请挪过去一点，你占了大半张凳子啦。
Moving air carrying sound, an odor, or a scent.
带有声音、气味或香味的风
Moving, acting, or occurring with great speed; swift.
迅速的以极高速度运动，行动或发生的；飞快的
Mr Baruch stated what he thought the best method of suppressing opium smoking and the people heartily entered into his views.
巴鲁克先生讲述了他所认为的禁止抽鸦片烟的最好方法，大家都热烈赞同。
Mr Brown is a good coach because he can get across the play.
布朗先生是一位好教练，因为他能够把比赛的方法和技巧讲得一清二楚。
Mr Danby had given him the bird.
丹贝先生已经把他解雇了。
Mr Green had been out of work for several months and was on his uppers.
格林先生已失业好几个月了，现在生活十分困难。
Mr Hill: Good afternoon. I believe that this house is for sale.
希尔先生：下午好。我想这房子是出售的吧？
Mr Johnson is now under my feet.
约翰逊先生现在听我支使了。
Mr Jones played fairy godmother to the boys and had a baseball field made for them.
琼斯先生帮助这些男孩子并为他们建造了一个棒球场。
Mr Markham established his son in business.
马卡姆先生使他的儿子立足商界。
Mr Robinson wants to pay in kind for the bike.
鲁宾逊先生想以实物交换来获得这辆自行车。
Mr Smith found the steaming jungle a living death.
史密斯先生觉得，那湿热的热带丛林简直无法生活。
Mr Smith left an estate of$10, 000, take or leave a few dollars.
史密斯先生留下了价值大约一万美元的财产。
Mr Smith was a high-handed tyrant in his office.
史密斯先生在他办公室里是个专横跋扈的独裁者。
Mr Wang is in the good graces of the governor, and is often invited to dine with him.
王先生与州长感情甚笃，常被邀请与其一同用餐。
Mr Wilson's neighbors say his flowers grow because he has a green thumb.
威尔逊的邻居们说他的花长得好，因为他是园艺高手。
Mr. Brown painted his living room blue.
布朗先生把房子漆成蓝色。
Mr. Green spoke highly of our city.
格林先生很称赞我们的城市。
Mr. Li is on the CAAC flight from Beijing to London.
李先生乘中国民航班机由北京飞往伦敦。
Mr. Sandy decide to postpone deliver a lecture.
桑德斯先生决定延期演讲。
Mr. Smith will not be in until eleven.
史密斯先生要到11点才能回来。
Mr. Wang lives in Hongkong.
王先生住在香港。
Mr.Black wrote up their acting in the play.
布莱克先生写文章，赞扬他们在这个剧中的演技。
Mr.Gorbachev and his reformist Kremlin allies are prepared to tolerate, even encourage, moderate nationalists who challenge central control and demand autonomy. But Moscow rightly feels that, in a polyglot country with102 different nationalities, ethnic violence is beyond the pale.
戈尔巴乔夫和他克里姆林宫改革派盟友们，准备容忍，甚至鼓励温和的民族主义分子向中央控制挑战并要求独立。可是莫斯科自有理由觉得：在一个操多种语言，由102个民族组成的国家里，族裔之间的暴力则属过分。
Mr.Lee hasn't known to date that his sister died a month ago.
李先生至今尚不知道他姐姐一个月前死了。
Mr.Smith has been asked to arbitrate between the employers and their workers.
已经请了史密斯先生来仲裁雇主与工人之间的纷争。
Mr.William is getting ore now.
威廉姆先生老了。
Mrs Fiedler makes a little money go a long way.
菲德勒太太经常以很少的钱办很多的事。
Mrs Jones, the supervisor, really queens it over the girls in the typing pool.
主管琼斯太太的确对打字室的姑娘们专横跋扈。
Mrs Smith enjoys setting people at loggerheads.
史密斯太太喜欢挑拨离间。
Mrs White experiments on her husband before she serves a new dish to their guests.
怀特太太给客人上一道新菜之前先让丈夫尝尝味道好不好。
Mrs. Jerky: Well, to be quite frank, I'm not so hot, young lady. This morning, my dog got hit by a car.
哲琪太太：嗯，坦白说，我不很好，小姐。今天早上我的狗被一辆车撞了。
Mrs.Green let her son go when he was child, and now he become a thief.
在她儿子小的时候，格林太太不关心她的儿子，而现在他变成了一个小偷。
Ms Hawkins handles the company's accounts.
霍金斯女士管理公司的账目。
Much has been written on the subject pro and con.
对那问题已有很多赞成和反对的文章。
Much thanks your favour of yesterday with a cheque, value$600,000, which we have passed to your credit.
谢谢您昨日来函。同函附寄的面额600，000元支票一张，我们已记入贵方贷方帐户。
Mud clings to our shoes.
泥粘在我们的鞋上。
Mummy treats me just like a baby, which I can't bear.
妈把我看得简直像3岁小孩，我真受不了。
Muscovites have always resented the crafty Georgians minting money out of them by selling commodities they need. But the prospect of no supplies at all is even worse. Thereby hangs a tale and Russian are spellbound by the latest Georgian saga which has been unfolding.
俄国人一向对狡猾的格鲁吉亚人通过向他们出售商品来赚取他们的钱而感到十分不满。但毫无供应的景况更可怕。其中大有文章的是俄国人已被最新的渐渐崭露的格鲁吉亚人英雄传说深深迷住了。
Music was the love of his life.
音乐是他毕生的爱好。
Must he always pound on the table to make his point?
他每次都必须使劲敲桌子才能证明他的论点正确吗？
Must you sweep the house by yourself?
你必须你自己打扫房子吗？
My French is rusty.
我的法语已生疏了。
My advice to the women's club of America is to raise more hell and fewer dahlias.
我对美国妇女俱乐部的意见是，多生事、少种大丽花。
My appearance at the party was not very welcome.
我在聚会上露面不是很受欢迎。
My aunt lived through the worst years of the depression.
我姑妈经历了大萧条时期最糟的年头。
My best regards to you and Ruth.
谨向您和鲁思问候。
My black hair have turn completely grey.
我的黑发已全部变成灰色。
My boss have give me a free hand in deciding which outside contractor to use.
老板已经给了我自主权，让我决定用哪家承包商。
My boyfriend always arrives late. Last night I decided to give him a taste of his own medicine by keeping him waiting for half an hour.
我的男朋友约会总是迟到。昨晚，我决定以牙还牙治他一下，让他等了半小时。
My brother flashed out at my mother, "Nothing is wrong with me."
＂我哥哥突然气冲冲地对我妈妈说：“我没错。”
My brother insisted on salvaging his bag that had fallen into the lake a year ago and finally he broke through and found it.
我哥哥坚持打捞他一年前掉进湖里的那个背包，最后达到目的找到了它。
My brother plays his records full blast in his bedroom every night.
我弟弟每天晚上在他的卧室里大声放录音机。
My business address and phone number is printed on the card.
名片上印着我的企业地址和电话号码。
My car have develop a trick of stalling on steep hill.
我的汽车出了个毛病，一上山坡就熄火。
My car's got engine trouble.
我的汽车发动机出毛病了。
My children eat well.
我的孩子们胃口很好。
My coat is thicker than yours.
我的大衣比你的更厚。
My considered opinion; a considered policy involving a measured response to provocations.
我经过深思熟虑得出如下意见：一项涉及到对挑衅所作出的审慎反应的经过深思熟虑的政策
My daughter has grown out of all her old clothes.
我女儿个子长高了，所有的旧衣服都不合穿了。
My daughter is the light of my life.
我的女儿是我一生的荣耀
My dear, I've been hunting for you everywhere.
亲爱的，我一直在到处找你。
My dog kept behind me wherever I went.
不管我走到哪里我的狗都跟着我。
My ears have been pounded on for the past hour; when is he going to switch off that damned drill?
他打算什么时候关掉收音机不听那该死的操练呀；它已经轰响了几个小时了。
My evening came among the alien trees and spoke in a language which my morning stars did not know.
我的晚色从陌生的树木中走来，它用我的晓星所不懂得的语言说话。
My face peeled.
我的脸脱皮了。
My father ask me to account for my conduct.
我父亲要求我为自己的行为负责。
My father has had a hard life and it's time he eased off a bit.
父亲辛苦了大半辈子，该享享福了。
My father must have been enraged dashing the book down to the floor.
我父亲一定被激怒了，使劲把书摔在地板上。
My father sat upright, straight as a ramrod, while the doctor explained to him the serious nature of his illness.
医生向我父亲讲明他的严重病情时，我的父亲直挺挺地坐在椅子上，一动也不动。
My father was shocked. Now we are not allowed to touch it.
我父亲为之震怒。现在他不允许我们再碰它。
My favorite part of travel is to meet new people, have new friendship.
在旅游中我最喜欢结识陌生人，建立新的友谊。
My feet sank into the mud.
我的双脚陷到泥里去了。
My first attempt at a chocolate cake tasted horrible.
我首次试做的巧克力蛋糕难吃极了。
My foot won't go into this boot.
我的脚伸不进这只靴子。
My friend put me in a white-collar slot.
我朋友使我从事一份白领工作。
My friends merged into the crowd and I lost sight of them.
我的朋友们消失在人群中，我看不到他们了。
My girlfriend.
是我的女朋友。
My grandfather left me a gold watch in his will, but then he always had a soft spot for me.
我祖父在遗嘱中将一只金表遗赠给我，他总是特别喜爱我。
My grandmother's eyes are going back on her.
我祖母的视力越来越差了。
My hands are clean.
我的手很干净。
My head spins.
我觉得头晕。
My heart pounded with excitement.
我的心兴奋得砰砰乱跳。
My home stands well back from the road.
我的房子离公路较远。
My house is conveniently near a bus-stop.
我家离公共汽车站不远，非常方便。
My husband has put the screws in the wood as tightly as he can, but they won't stop in, they keep slipping out.
我丈夫已尽力将螺丝钉紧紧地钻进木头里了。但它们却不牢固，总是松动出来。
My husband wanted to buy a puppy, but I would have to look after it so I put my foot down and said No.
我丈夫想买一条小狗，但我得照料它，因此我坚持不同意。
My income was doubled yesterday.
昨天我的收入加倍。
My job is teaching English.
我的职业是教英语。
My last job lacked variety; I was doing the same things all the time.
我上次的一份工作缺乏多样化，我老是在做同样的事情。
My life alternated between work and sleep.
我的生活就是工作完了睡觉，睡完觉又工作。
My lord: I wipe the slate as far as the witchcraft goes. None the less, we must burn the woman.
大人，那女人是不是妖妇，我不管，我们仍然得把她烧死。
My maths teacher really used to jump on us when we got our answers wrong.
我们过去一算错答案，数学老师就把我们狠训一顿。
My monthly salary cheque is late.
我的月工资支票来迟了。
My mother had a lot of hat so I borrowed one of hers.
我母亲帽子很多，所以我向她借了一顶。
My mother made no difficulty when I bought a new car.
我买了一辆新车，母亲对此未表示任何异议。
My mother was left with three children.
3个孩子交给我妈看管。
My muscles are sore from lifting weights.
我的肌肉因为举重而感到酸痛。
My native language is Chinese.
我的母语是汉语。
My nephew is a baseball player. He is a catcher.
我的侄子是个垒球运动员，他是一个接球员。
My new hi-fi has so many lights and switches that I was all at sea when I first tried to use it.
我新买的那台高保真音响设备有许许多多指示灯和开关，以致我第一次打开它时竟不知所措。
My nose is raw from blowing it so much.
我因擤涕鼻子直发痛。
My old pair of pants has worn thin at the knees.
我那条旧裤子的膝盖处已穿薄了。
My opponent made a clever move.
我的对手走了一步妙棋。
My parents do their best to keep up the family tradition.
我的父母为了保持家庭的传统竭尽全力。
My past's work is exerted very much, and so always feels tired.
我过去工作非常卖力，所以总感到疲劳。
My plan has not been carried out with effect.
我的计划未被有效地执行。
My powers of recall are not what they were.
我的记忆力已大不如前。
My rent was due yesterday; I must take it to the landlord today because I only get a day's grace.
我的房租昨天到期，今天我必付钱给房东，因为只有一天的宽限。
My roommate sniff at my idea of becoming an artist.
我的室友对我要当艺术家的想法嗤之以鼻。
My season ticket means that I can travel any number of times during the stated period.
我的季票使我在指定的时间随便乘多少次车都行。
My shirt is kicking around on the floor somewhere.
我的衬衫在地板上的什麽地方。
My sister did out the kitchen with detergent and water.
我姐姐用洗涤剂和水刷洗厨房。
My sister speaks Cantonese very fluently.
我姐姐广州话说得很流利。
My skirts were too long, so I had them taken up.
我的裙子太长，因此请人改短了。
My son has become so naughty recently-he really was a bit much last week.
我儿子最近非常顽皮，上个星期他简直太不像话了。
My son wants to be a scientist when he grows up.
我的儿子长大后愿意当科学家。
My statement didn't come out as I had intended.
我并未像我预计的那样发表声明。
My suggestion didn't penetrate.
我的建议没有被了解。
My telephone is at your service until yours is repaired.
你的电话未修好之前，你可以使用我的电话。
My tooth has bored through two caves.
我的牙齿蛀了两个洞。
My uncle farms in Canada.
我的叔父在加拿大经营农场。
My uncle lives and works in Africa.
我叔叔在非洲生活和工作。
My views on how to tackle the problem were not considered right and proper.
我对如何解决这一问题的看法被认为不合适。
My watch goes by fits and starts.
我的手表走走停停。
My watch is faster than yours.
我的表比你的表快。
My weekends are sacrosanct.
我的周末是很宝贵的。
My wife doesn't really care for tea; she likes coffee better.
我妻子其实不喜欢喝茶，她喜欢喝咖啡。
My wife is expecting.
我的妻子不久要生孩子了。
My wife talks nineteen to the dozen and I hardly ever get a chance to speak.
我妻子一讲起来就滔滔不绝，我几乎无法插上嘴。
My wife's in hospital our baby could arrive at any time.
我妻子住进了医院－－我们的小宝宝随时都可能出生。
My work comes first, my family comes next.
工作对我来讲是第一位的，家庭第二。
Myriad of mosquito from the swamp invade our village every twilight.
每天黄昏无数蚊虫从沼泽地飞来侵袭我们的村子。
Named for her grandmother.
为纪念她的祖母起的名字
Nancy is not optimistic about her score of the test.
南希觉得她的考试成绩不容乐观。
Nash did not live a cloistered existence nor was he spared the shocks that flesh is heir to.
纳什并非过着与世隔绝的生活，他同样也不能逃脱人生难免的种种打击。
National feelings on the subject have tended to run high and some have even voiced their opinions in the newspapers.
在这个问题上，国民的情绪已有日益激昂之趋势，有些人甚至在报纸上发表了自己的看法。
Naturally the way we get these prospect is by local advertising.
自然，要得到这些可能的顾客，只有采用在当地做广告的办法。
Nature seems to be wakened from a deep sleep.
大自然好像从沉睡中被唤醒。
Near the average in size.
大小接近平均值
Nearly30 years ago he bought his first job lot of50 books for$3.
大约三十年前，他花了3美元第一次整批买下50本书。
Need he come at once?
他需要马上来吗？
Needless to say, it rained when I left my window open.
不用说，我没有关窗时，天就下雨了。
Neil Armstrong is the first astronaut to walk on the moon.
尼尔。阿姆斯壮是第一位在月球漫步的太空人。
Neither fluency nor accuracy is easy to come by in learning a foreign language.
学习外语要达到流利或精确的程度都是不容易的。
Neither of them speak Japanese.
他们两人都不讲日语。
Nellie thinks the world of her husband and would do anything to please him.
内莉很崇拜她的丈夫，因而尽力去取悦于他。
Never before had she written so many complaints.
过去她从来没写过这么多抱怨的话。
Never despair.
不要绝。
Never had he had any experience like that.
他从来没有经历过这样的事。
Never in his life had he gazed on such beautiful scenes.
他生平从未见到过如此美丽的景色。
Never mind what people say.
别人怎么说，别往心里去。
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
今天能做的事，不要拖到明天去做。
Never stand up in a canoe; it will get off balance and turn over.
坐在独木舟里，千万不要站起来；那样独木舟会因失去平衡而翻掉。
Never trust to fine words.
切勿轻信漂亮话。
New York City's Third Avenue is full of gin mills.
纽约市第3大街上小酒吧林立。
New broom sweeps clean.
新官上任三把火。
New hotels are poking into the sky.
新建的饭店高耸入云。
New perspectives opened up before us.
我们面前呈现出新的前景。
Newcomers to Hawaii should be warned not to sit in the sun too long-they'll get their brains fried.
新到夏威夷的人要注意日光浴的时间不要太长－否则会中暑的。
News of his death was cabled to his family.
他的死讯已电告其家属。
Newspapers and magazines.
报刊杂志报纸和杂志
Next he undertook to pay off the debts.
然后他同意负责偿还债务。
Next week we shall be closed for stock-taking.
下星期我们暂停营业盘点存货。
Nice one, Tom!
干得好，汤姆！
Nick found no faults in any of the parts but still couldn't make the wretched lamp work.
尼克发现那盏该死的灯哪儿都没毛病，可就是无法把它弄亮。
Night as an image of death.
黑夜是死亡的象征
Ninety per cent of the country lies in the temperate zone.
这个国家百分之九十的地方都是温带。
No bidder shall be permitted to alter his bid after the bid has been open.
开标以后，任何投标人都不准再修改投标。
No crops were planted. Except in north-west Europe and the far northland it was all Man could do to exist.
没有种植任何庄稼。除欧洲西北部和再靠北方的地区外，人类要想在那里生存是不容易的。
No easy fix for an intractable problem.
没有简单的办法解决难题
No fuss was made in my day if a new writer took from an old one whatever material he found congenial.
在我那个时代，如果一个新作家从一个老作家的作品中摘取了他能用的合适材料，并不受到反对。
No longer in existence, use, or operation.
消失的，静止的不再存在、使用或运转的
No man is born wise or learned.
没有生而知之者。
No matter how hard he may try, he will not succeed.
不管他怎么努力去干都不会成功的。
No matter what happened, I will not say a word.
不管发生什么事我一句话也不说。
No matter what you do, never lose heart.
不管你做什么千万不可泄气。
No matter who point out our shortcoming, we will correct them.
不管谁指出我们的缺点，我们都改正。
No mortal power can perform it.
那是人力所办不到的。
No one can attest to the absolute truth of his statement.
没有人可以证明他的话是绝对正确的。
No one can plead ignorance of a subject any longer, for there are countless do- it- yourself publications.
再没有任何人以不懂某事为理由而辩解了，因为有数不清的介绍“自己动手”的出版物。
No one dared to speak out against the injustice.
没人敢对不公正行为表示公开反对。
No one in his right mind would do such a terrible thing.
精神正常的人绝不会做如此可怕的事。
No one know better how to rig an election.
没有人更知道如何操纵选举。
No one knows.
没有人知道。
No one shall dictate to me.=I won't be dictated to.
没有人可以指挥我；我不受人指挥。
No one would have known our plans if Jim hadn't made a slip of the tongue.
假如不是吉姆说漏了嘴，谁都不会知道我们的计划。
No power on earth could force me to do it.
谁也不能强迫我做这事。
No reason to connect the two events.
没有理由把这两件事联想在一起
No self-making man ever do such a good job that some woman do not want to make a few alteration.
靠自己刻苦奋斗而后成功的人，其所完成的工作，没有一个好到令女性不想给他稍加修改的程度。
No sooner had they started than it began to rain.
他们刚一出发，天就下起雨来了。
No time like the present.
[谚]目前正是大好时机。
No way I can sell20 ticket for the party.
欢送会的20张票我卖不出去。
No words availed to soften him.
说什麽都不能使他软化。
No, I can not place her.
不，我记不起她的模样了。
No, I don't think there can be any doubt.
没有，我认为再没有什么问题了。
No, I must not be late for class.
不，我决不能上课迟到。
No, I'd better not object to his proposal.
不，我最好不反对他的建议。
No, actually, that sort of thing isn't for me.
不，实际上，那种事不合我的口味。
No, do not bother. It's all right as it be.
不，别麻烦了。这个样子就可以了。
No, it isn't.
不，不是。
No, it's too old for us to drive.
不，这车太旧我们开不了。
No, nothing oh, just a minute, I'd like some soap too, please.
不用。哦，……等一下，请拿几块肥皂来。
No, thank you.
不，谢谢。
No, thanks. I have decided to give up smoking.
不，谢谢我已决定戒烟了。
No, there's no need. These are perfectly all right.
不，用不着了。这些完全合适。
No, you can't have a motorbike-by no means.
不，你不能有摩托车——决不。
No. I called you earlier, someone come to jump- start the car about15 minute ago.
行不通的。我刚才打过电话给你们。15分钟前你们叫一个人来帮我推了。
Nobel's greatness lay in the outstanding ability to combine the quality of an original scientists with those of a forward-looking industrialist.
诺贝尔的伟大在于他具有把独创性科学家的品质与卓有远见的企业家的品质相互结合起来的杰出能力。
Nobody can turn back the wheel of history.
任何人都无法使历史车轮倒转。
Nobody has ever set foot on that island.
没有人曾经登上过那个岛屿。
Nobody knew what had caused him to blaze out in anger.
谁也不知道什么事惹得他大发雷霆。
Nobody raised any objection to my do it right now.
没人反对我现在就做这件事。
Nobody was allowed near the wreckage of the plane. Even those with press cards were waved off.
不许任何人靠近飞机残骸，甚至连持记者证的人也被赶开了。
Noise abatement
噪声治理
None are so blind as those who won't see.
没有人会比那些视而不见的人更瞎了。
None of the answers are right.
这些答案全不对。
None of them are workers.
他们没一个是工人。
None of us had ever set eyes on a generator before.
我们过去谁也没看见过发电机。
None of your old buck.
不许你那么横蛮。
Nora arrived at the party dressed to kill, causing every head to turn in admiration.
娜拉打扮得花枝招展来参加聚会，她令人刮目相看。
Not Daniel, if you don't mind-Mr Green to you.
对不起，不是丹尼尔，你应该称格林先生才对。
Not a single tree relieved the flatness of the plain.
平原上单调得毫无变化，连一棵树都没有。
Not all animals can smell.
并非所有动物都有觉。
Not appearing on a list, especially not listed in a telephone directory.
未列出的未在一份名单中出，尤其是未列入一本电话号码本的
Not attended by or bringing good fortune; unlucky.
没有取得或带来好运的；不幸的
Not by theoretical English professors, but by practical, hard-headed scholars who have been searching for the secrets of success.
它不是那些池有理论的英语教授信口胡诌的，而是那些一直以来就在探讨着成功斩秘诀、精明而又计求实际的学者们发现的。
Not competent or skillful; inept.
无能的没能力的或不熟练的；笨拙的
Not differently from; like
和。。。无不同；像；如
Not essential; unessential.
非必要的没有必要的；无关紧要的
Not feeling or exhibiting appreciation.
不欣赏的不感觉或显示欣赏的
Not for the first time my will came up against my wife's.
我同妻子的意愿相违背，这已不是第一次了。
Not have enough of sth
缺少某事物；某事物不足
Not high in price; cheap.
价钱不高的；便宜的
Not in public; secretly or confidentially.
秘密地非公开地；秘密地或在私下地
Not lawful; illegal.
不合法的；非法的
Not measuring up to standards or expectations.
不合格的与标准或期望不符合的
Not only did I know her, but I was her best friend.
我不仅认识她，还是她最好的朋友。
Not only was everything that he had taken away from him, but also his German citizenship.
不仅他所有的一切都被没收或撤消了，而且连他的德国公民权也被剥夺了。
Not pregnant. Used of a cow.
不孕的。用于母牛
Not really. Last year it was much cooler. You're not from around here, then?
不全是。去年这时候更凉快些。看来你不住在附近，是吗？
Not safe; dangerous.
不安全的；危险的
Not spaced or separated with lead, as lines of type.
（如铅字的行间）没有用铅字隔开或分开的
Not taut, firm, or compact; slack.
松弛的不紧、不严密或不坚实的；放松的
Not to be left out; indispensable. Used of an accompaniment that is an integral part of a piece.
不可少的，助奏的不可缺的；必不可少的。用作曲子不可少的伴奏
Not true to duty or obligation; disloyal.
背信的不履行责任或义务的；不忠实的
Not written or printed on; blank.
没有写过字的没有写过或印过字的；空白的
Nothing at all has been decided. What is the point in coming all this way?
什么都没有定下来。老远跑来为的是什么呢？
Nothing can compensate me for the loss of my wife.
我丧失了的妻子是任何东西也补偿不了的。
Nothing contents her.
没有任何事物可使她满足。
Nothing ever happens in this town.
这小镇上什么事也没发生过。
Nothing is ill that ends well.
结局好，样样好。
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make latitudes and longitudes.
没有一件事情比得上有朋在远方更使这地球显得如此广大的了；他们构成纬度，也构成经度。
Nothing serious. the car just needs a tune-up.
没什么大问题。这辆车只需要调整一下。
Nothing was left for him to hang on to.
他已经没有什么东西可以指靠的了。
Nothing would please me more than that my son should pass the entrance examination.
没有一件事比我儿子幸能通过入学考试更使我高兴。
Notified the citizens of the curfew by posting signs.
以邮寄标志来通知市民们宵禁了
Now I know where to go when I feel homesick.
现在我知道想家的时候该去哪儿了。
Now and again the hunter can hear a long-draw dolorous whine of some unseen coyote.
猎人不时能听见某只看不见的小林狼发出的拖长的哀嚎。
Now come, Mr Smith, just help yourself. The roast duck has to be eaten piping hot.
来吧，史密斯先生，别客气。烤鸭是要趁热吃的。
Now he resolved to take up productive labour.
现在他决心从事生产劳动。
Now is your chance.
现在是你的机会。
Now let's get on to the other exhibition rooms.
现在我们到其他展览室去吧。
Now mistress, how chance you went not with Master Morgan?
小姐，你怎么不跟摩根少爷一块儿去？
Now read the text, starting with Jim.
现在读课文，从吉姆开始。
Now that I've paid the tax demand and the children's school fees, I'll be head-over-heels in debt for the next six months.
由于我已缴了应纳的税和孩子们的学杂费，在以后的６个月中我将债台高筑。
Now that my mother has a telephone, it's much easier to get in touch with her.
因为我母亲有电话，所以与她联系方便多了。
Now that they were all there she might as well speak her mind.
既然大家都在，她不妨把想法都谈出来。
Now that you tell me about the man's relationship with his wife, the whole picture falls into place.
现在你把此人与他妻子的关系告诉了我，这样，整个情况就一清二楚了。
Now their children all go to school.
现在他们的子女都想上大学。
Now they have hospital of their own.
现在他们拥有他们自己的医院了。
Now we can reduce the production costs with the help of the computer.
现在有这台电脑帮忙，我们就能降低生产成本了。
Now we'll get on to the next item on the agenda.
现在我们来讨论下一项议程。
Now you have resigned your position in the company; you have burned your boats.
现在你已经辞去了公司中的职务，你没有退路了。
Now, I'll just take you through your application for benefit, to check the details, and then you can sign at the bottom.
现在我和你一起读一下你的救济金申请书，检查一下细节，然后你可以在下面签名。
Now, let's get down to work.
现在，让我们埋头工作吧！
Now, stir in the beaten eggs.
现在把打好的鸡蛋搅和进去。
Nowadays many people die of cancer.
现在有很多人死于癌症。
Nuclear physics is a closed book to most of us.
我们大多数人对原子核物理学一窍不通。
Numerical data linearly ordered by magnitude.
按量值大小直线形排列的数字数据
Nylon-dries in seconds.
尼龙随洗随干。
Object repository support for creating shared, reusable form and data module.
用于创建共享、可重用窗体和数据模块的对象储存库支持。
Obsolete way of punish a person legally without holding a trial, by pass a law to convict and sentence him
一种过时的合法惩罚某人的绝对方法，用此法时不审判，只通过一项法律给该人定罪和定刑
Occupy a particular position in space or time; occur
占据一定的空间或时间；发生；出现
Occurring once every100 years.
百年一次的每一百年发生一次的
October shipment stockless revert when available
现已无存货可供十月份装船，方便时再联系。
Of a little knowledge is dangerous, where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger?
假如一点点知识是危险的话，试问谁又有多至可以脱离危险的知识？
Of all the men whom she had ever seen, he was far and away the nicest and best.
在她所见过的男人中，他是最正派、最好的。
Of course I can speak Mandarin.
中国话我自然会说。
Of course she's proud of what you've done.
她当然为你所做的一切感到骄傲。
Of course, an alternative view may be(that) it's not easy to persuade people to drive less and walk more.
当然，另一种见解可能是，要说服人们少乘车多走路并不容易。
Of enormous size or magnitude; huge.
巨大的，庞大的规模巨大或大得出奇的；巨大的
Of inferior quality; shabby.
品质低劣的；寒酸的
Of noble lineage.
门第高贵的高贵血统的
Of two evils choose the least.
[谚]两害相权取其轻。
Off!= Be off!
滚！走开！
Offer renewal now negotiating keep your potential buyer
报价重新更正，现正和厂家交涉，切记保住潜在客户。
Office or business of a press agent
剧院等的宣传员的办事处或业务
Official permission to be absent from work or duty, as that granted to military or corporate personnel.
准假能够离开工作或职责的正式许可，如给予军事或公司职员的
Often undue concern for morality.
通常与道德方面有过分关联
Oh dear, I am ever so sorry.
哦天哪，你这个可怜的人儿。
Oh no, have I got to?
哦不，我一定要那么做吗？
Oh! Let him pay the bill if he wants to, he's been in full feather ever since his uncle, the pawn broker, died.
哦，要是他想付帐就让他付吧。自打他那做当铺老板的叔叔死后，他已经是腰缠万贯了。
Oh, I can't bear to think of it!
啊，我简直不忍心去想它。
Oh, I see, I better dress up then...
嗯，我明白了，那我最好也打扮一下。
Oh, Mrs. White, can you spare me a minute?
哦，怀特太太，你能为我抽出一点时间吗？
Oh, come now!
嗨，得啦！
Oh, do you really think so?
哦，你真的这样想吗？
Oh, hard line!
哦，真不幸！
Oh, it is good news.
哦，好消息。
Oh, mother, do go out and stop them playing this dangerous game.
啊，妈，您出去一下，别让他们玩这种危险的游戏。
Oh, no! I can not stop! Help! I am going to crash!
哎唷！糟了！停不下来！救命！会撞倒的！
Oh, no. I will get home after midnight again.
啊，糟了，我又得凌晨回家了。
Oh, she really is getting above herself!
哦，她确实变得越来越自高自大了。
Oh, that's all right, I make a top-hole nurse.
噢，没问题，我能做个顶呱呱的护士。
Oh, they are very dull actually.
哦，实际上很乏味的。
Oh, what a nice day! It's a good day to make call on some customer.
啊！天气真好！这是拜访客户的好日子。
Oh, yes. Nice to meet you, Zhou Lin. Thank you for coming to meet me.
哦，是的。很高兴见到你，周林。非常感谢你来接我。
Oil has an aptitude to burn.
油有燃烧的倾向。
Oil-bearing crops have also registered marked increases.
油料作物的产量也有了明显的增长。
Ok, ok- just try to calm down, sir, and tell me where you are and what's happened.
好！好！请冷静下来，先生。告诉我你在哪里，发生了什么事？
Okay. Well, em, can you stop at the chicken store?
是这样啊，那你能在鸡肉店前停车吗？
Old Tom snuffed out last weekend.
老汤姆上个周末死了。
Old clothes, cars, houses
旧衣物、汽车、房子
Old people in need of institutional care
需慈善机关照顾的老年人
Oliver was sent down for taking part in a demonstration against racial discrimination.
奥利佛因参加反对种族歧视的示威而被学校开除了。
On Kennedy's death, Johnson succeeded.
甘乃迪一去世，詹森即继任为总统。
On Sunday night he was as quiet as a mouse.
他在星期天晚上安静得像只耗子。
On a gamble he raised his sombrero.
他胡乱地举帽致敬。
On account of his illness, he was never left alone.
由于生病，他身边总是留人。
On average, 15 worth of goods is stole every day.
平均每天被窃取的货物价值为15英镑。
On dictation equipment, a device for accurate alignment of playback head, or combined head, to the track on the recording medium.
录音设备上的一种装置，它能精确地把重放磁头或组合磁头调准到记录介质的磁道上。
On hearing the soft footsteps outside her room, she was seized with panic.
一听到门外有轻轻的脚步声，她惊慌失措。
On his return he report his findings to the committee.
他一回来就向委员会报告调查结果。
On many farms you'll find cows and chickens.
在许多农场你都会看到奶牛和鸡。
On one occasion he hanged twenty heretics, including a minister, at a single heat.
有一次他一下子绞死了20个异教徒，包括一位牧师在内。
On our way to Shanghai yesterday we ran out of gas.
我们昨天去上海途中，车没油了。
On some minor points members of the committee divide with one another.
＂在一些细节问题上，委员们意见各不相同。＂
On the battlefield such a coward like him would surely lie down and curl up.
在战场上，象他那样的胆小鬼肯定会吓瘫倒的。
On the face of it, you are right.
由此可见，你是对的。
On the main road the ear began to open up.
到了大路上，车开始加速。
On the plaintiff's application for summary judgment the master give the defendant unconditional leave to defend.
原告一提出即判决申请后，法院书记官无条件允许被告进行辩护。
On the third day, they handed over20000 chests of opium.
第三天，他们就交出了两万箱鸦片。
On the way to Shanghai, my brother and I laid over in Nanjing for a day to see our aunt.
在去上海的途中，我和我兄弟在南京停留一天去看我的姨妈。
On these dry days, you soon thirst for a cool drink.
在那些干旱的日子里，你不久就会渴望喝点清凉的东西。
On this they were agreed.
在这一点上他们的意见是一致的。
On your marks! Get set! Go!
各就各位！预备！跑！
Once a knave, ever a knave.
一次成无赖，永远是无赖。
Once he arrives we can start.
他一到我们就可以动身。
Once he opens his mouth, he never stops.
他打开话匣子就没个完。
Once it is given a"program", a computer can gather a wide range of information from outer space or from the depths of the ocean.
一旦给计算机输入程序，它就能从外层空间或海洋深处收集到各式各样的资料。
Once the crop has rooted in this soil, it should grow well.
一旦庄稼在这肥沃的土壤里生了根，就会生长很茂盛。
Once we had prepared the site and laid the concrete for my new garage, it was half the battle.
一旦我们为我的新车库整理好场地，铺好混凝土，那便是成功的一半。
Once you smoke up you'll never give up.
一旦吸毒，永远也戒不掉了。
One appointed to administer an estate.
地产管理人被委任管理地产的人
One boy is rowing while the other boy in the boat is dangling around his legs in the cool water of the lake.
一个男孩正在划船，而船里的另一个男孩则把腿悬垂在凉爽的湖水中。
One can qualify for the hall of fame by murdering sufficient people in a sufficiently interesting way.
如果一个人杀了足够数量的人，且杀人方法怪诞，那他也有资格进名人馆。
One cold winter morning we parted from each other.
一个寒冷的冬天的早晨我们分别了。
One day Rivers learns that an uncle of Jane's, John Eyre, has recently died in Madeira and has left Jane￡20, 000.
一天，里弗斯获悉简的一个叔叔——约翰·爱最近在马德拉岛去世，给简留下了二万英镑遗产。
One day, by chance, Goodyear dropped a small piece of molded rubber on to a stove at the same time a piece of sulphur slipped out of his hand.
有一天，古德伊尔偶然把一小块成型像胶掉在炉子上，同时又有一块硫从他手中滑下。
One eighth of a circle.
八分圆圆的八分之一
One evening, John and I had a talk. He bared his heart to me, then we have understood each other better.
有天晚上，我和约翰聊天，他向我推心置腹，自那以后我俩较为了解了。
One fourth of a British hundredweight;28 pounds.
四分之一英国重量单位；二十八磅
One has come, the others have not.
一个人来了，其他人还没来。
One in the business of raising or selling flowers and ornamental plants.
花商以销售或养植花及观赏性植物为生的人
One man went ahead to see if the road was clear.
一个人走在前面去看道路是否畅通。
One more thing, I also need a couple more of hangers.
还有一件事，我还需要两三个衣架。
One night, we closed with the enemy.
一天晚上，我们和敌人遭遇了。
One of a matching pair or set of things
（成双、成对或成套的）物品之一
One of a set of independent variables that express the coordinates of a point.
变量，参数一组代表与之对应的点的独立变量之一
One of his less attractive traits is criticizing his wife in public.
他有个不大讨人喜欢的特点，就是爱当众责备妻子。
One of our biggest problems is stealing in the wine department.
我们最大问题之一就是酒类部门的偷窃。
One of the advantages of teaching is that it's so rewarding to work with children.
教书的好处之一就是以孩子们为工作对象感到很欣慰。
One of the chairs is out of position.
这些椅子中有一把放的位置不对。
One of the early French settlers of Acadia.
阿卡迪亚阿卡迪亚的法国早期移民中一员
One of the four brightest satellites of Jupiter and the sixth in distance from the planet. Originally sighted by Galileo, it is the largest planetary satellite.
卡利斯托卫星木星最亮的四颗卫星之一，是距木星第六远的卫星。最初为伽利略所发现，它是最大的行星卫星
One of the major aims of the air raid was the complete demolition of all means of communications by bombing.
这次空袭的一个主要目的，就是通过轰炸彻底摧毁敌人的通讯设施。
One of the packages was damaged in transit.
包裹有一件在运输过程中损坏了。
One of the pieces used in playing jacks.
这种游戏中的金属片之一
One of the scheduled events is a talk on flower arranging.
安排的活动中有一项是插花艺术讲座。
One of the straws or sticks used in this game.
游戏棒在玩这种游戏中使用的稻草或者细木棍
One of the ways to dissipate perspiration is by convection.
散发汗水的一种方法是通过对流作用。
One of these threads.
纱头，线头这些线中的一根
One or more message segments transmitted among terminals, application programs, and systems.
在各终端、各应用程序和各系统之间传输的一个或多个信息段。
One pound troy contains12 OZ.
一金衡磅有十二盎司。
One should adapt oneself to the changed conditions.
我们应当使自己适应变化了的情况。
One solution to the problem of religious instruction that many public schools have adopted is a system of released time for religious instruction.
许多公立学校所采取的一项解决宗教教育问题的办法是为宗教教育腾出一定的时间。
One that acts as a mediator.
调解人充当调解人的人
One that bakes, especially a portable oven.
烤炉用于烤制的器具，尤指轻便烤炉
One that cannot be corrected or reformed.
不可救药或无法改造的人
One that crawls, especially an early form of certain insect larvae.
爬行动物爬行的东西，尤指某些昆虫幼虫的早期形体
One that edges, such as a tool for trimming the edge of a lawn.
修边器修边用的工具，如用来修剪草坪边缘的工具
One that gives information.
通知者提供消息的人
One that initiates and carries out a legal action, especially criminal proceedings.
起诉者发起和执行一项法律行为，尤指刑法起诉程序的人
One that is exotic.
外国人或事物
One that is or is regarded as a source of salvation in a crisis.
救星是或被认为是在危机中拯救别人的人
One that lags; a straggler.
落后者；落伍者
One that makes peace, especially by settling disputes.
调解人，和事佬尤指通过解决争端，制造和平的人
One that prepares and sells drugs and other medicines; a pharmacist.
药剂师制药并销售药材及其它内服药剂的人；药剂师
One that seeks adventure.
冒险家寻求冒险的人
One that transports household or office goods from one location to another as an occupation.
搬家工人职业是从一个地方向另一地方搬运家用物品或办公用品的人
One thief informed against the others.
一个小偷告发了其他的同夥。
One town ends where the next begins and there's a road that runs between.
一个城镇连接著另一个城镇，两者之间有一条路。
One wearing this costume.
戴这种面具的人
One who asks questions; an inquirer.
质问者提出问题的人；询问者
One who betrays one's country, a cause, or a trust, especially one who commits treason.
卖国者，叛徒背叛某人的祖国、事业或辜负信任的人，尤指犯叛国罪的人
One who conducts sessions or teaches at a clinic.
临床指导在诊所讲授或指导研讨的人
One who discriminates against or who is hostile toward or prejudiced against Jews.
反犹太主义者歧视犹太人，敌视犹太人，或对犹太人抱有偏见的人
One who engages in deception under an assumed name or identity.
冒名顶替的人涉及以假名或假身份欺骗的人
One who gives a code of laws to a people.
制定法典者给一个民族制订法典的人
One who has legal title to something; an owner.
业主对某物有法定所有权的人；主人
One who holds an appointed office in a government.
任职在政府机构被委认某职的人
One who is a recipient of hospitality at the home or table of another.
客人在别人的家中或餐会上受到友好接待的人
One who is employed to locate missing goods or persons.
追踪者受雇寻查失踪的货物或人员的人
One who is in charge or in command of others.
负责人管理或指挥其他人的人
One who is regarded as deficient in judgment, sense, or understanding.
蠢人，白痴被认为缺乏判断、感觉或理解力的人
One who keeps vigil, as at a sick person's bedside.
护理者如在病人身旁等看护的人
One who lures a vessel to destruction, as by a display of lights on a rocky coastline, in order to plunder it.
毁船打劫者引诱船只失事的人，如通过在多岩石的海岸线上打信号灯，以掠夺其财物
One who murders by surprise attack, especially one who carries out a plot to kill a prominent person.
刺客以突然袭击方式杀人者，尤指为为实现阴谋而刺杀名人
One who performs menial tasks for another.
仆人替别人做卑贱工作的人
One who presides over a meeting, forum, or debate.
主持人主持会议，论坛或讨论会的人
One who rides horses in races, especially as a profession.
赛马骑师在赛马中骑马的人，尤指以此作为职业的人
One who specializes in genetics.
遗传学家在遗传学方面从事专门研究的人
One who tells, collects, or publishes anecdotes.
讲述轶事趣闻者，收集轶事趣闻者，出版轶事趣闻者
One who walks from place to place; an itinerant.
巡行者，漫步者从一处到另一处步行；巡行者
One who writes, especially as an occupation.
作家，作者写作的人，尤指以此为职业者
One wing of the army rested on the hills.
军队的一翼驻扎在小山上。
One's home is the best place to be
哪里也不如自己的家
One, especially a robber or prostitute, who walks the streets at night.
夜间游荡的人夜间在街上游荡的人，尤指拦路抢劫者或妓女
One, such as an investor, that sells securities or commodities in expectation of falling prices.
卖空者，做空头者抛售股票或商品希望造成价格下跌的人，如某位投资者
Only a few journalists were allowed inside.
只有几个新闻记者获准进入会场。
Only a week after the fire in store it was business as usual.
火灾过后只有一星期，那商店又如往常一样做生意了。
Only for very special customer do we allow them a rate of10% discount.
只有对十分特殊的客户，我们才给予10％的折扣。
Only in a few Western countries does religion remain an important power in politics.
仅在几个西方国家里，宗教仍然是政治中的一股重要势力。
Only partly baked.
没有完全烤好的
Only the shell of the factory is left after the fire has been put out.
大火扑灭之後，工厂只剩下个空架子了。
Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money-box.
只有非常节俭的儿童才会设法填满一个储蓄罐。
Ooh, I know there is something I mean to tell you, we have get an invitation from Derby to celebrate Christmas.
哦，我知道有件事我原想告诉你的，我们已接到德比的邀请去庆祝圣诞。
Open tender for purchasing power transformer.
公开招标购买电力运输设备。
Open the window; it's sweltering in here!
打开窗户，这里热得要命！
Open your mouth wide so that I can look at your throat.
把嘴张大，让我看一下你的喉咙。
Openings and closings were all accomplished with majestic rituality.
开幕兴闭幕都是用隆重的仪式来完成的。
Operation Overlord.
大封主作战行动。
Opinion on this issue cuts across traditional political boundaries.
人们对这问题的看法超越了他们沿袭至今的政治界限。
Opposition leaders were wondering about whether she would abide by the election results if they went against her.
反对党领袖怀疑，如果选举结果对她不利的话，她是否会甘拜下风。
Oranges and lemons are citrus fruits.
桔子和柠檬是柑桔属水果。
Order, please, Mr. Blunt, address your remarks to the chair.
请注意秩序，布仑特先生，请对主席讲话。
Ordinary numbers use base10, but most computer work to base2.
普通的数目基数为十，但是多数电脑的基数为二。
Originating or existing during the same period; lasting through the same era.
同时代的在相同的时期发生或存在的；经历相同时代的
Other denominational differences have to do with church government.
各教派之间的其他差异与教会领导机构有关。
Otherwise he would still be teaching, because his heart and soul were still in the classroom with his students.
要不然他还会在教书，因为他的心仍然在课堂上和他的学生们在一起。
Our Canadian cousins.
我们加拿大的亲属
Our advice helped them to smooth out their relationship.
我们的建议帮助他们消除了相互关系中的障碍。
Our army suffered a slight reverse.
我们的部队受到轻微的挫败。
Our best scientist is creamed off by other countries.
我们最优秀的科学家被其他国家吸引而外流。
Our budget has been pared to the bone.
我们的预算已削减到最低限度。
Our car bowled along the smooth country roads.
我们的汽车在平坦的乡间道路上很快地行驶。
Our cat caught a very big rat last night.
我们的猫昨晚捉到一只大老鼠。
Our children enjoyed watching the ebb and flow of the tide when we were spending the weekend at the seaside.
我们在海滨度周末时，孩子们都很喜欢观赏涨潮和退潮的景象。
Our clock keeps good time.
我们的钟走得很准。
Our company is ahead of other makers of soap.
我们公司制造肥皂比别家的业绩好。
Our conversation touched on many subjects.
我们的谈话涉及到许多题目。
Our country's in great danger; we must mobilize the army.
我们正处于严重危险之中，我们必须把军人动员起来。
Our defence had him closely marked throughout the first half.
我们的後卫在整个上半场都把他钉得死死的。
Our discussions led to complete unanimity.
我们的讨论取得了完全一致的意见。
Our dog went at the postman.
我们的狗朝邮差扑了过去。
Our enemy come nearer the truth in their opinion of us than we do in our opinion of ourselves.
敌人对我们的看法，比我们对自己的看法更接近实际情况。
Our factory was bombed out at that time, but we soon managed to go into production again.
那时我们的工厂被炸停工，但我们很快恢复了生产。
Our fighters are required to be good fighters, producers and workers among the masses.
要求我们的战士既是优秀的战斗员、生产者，又是群众工作人员。
Our flag is raised to the top of a pole by a rope and two pulley.
我们的旗帜被用一根绳子和两个滑轮升到了竿顶。
Our foreman, Mr. Li Ming, met an accident on July6. He crushed his forefinger when operating a machine.
我厂领班李明先生在7月6日遇到意外，李先生开动机器时食指被压。
Our generous hostess heaped our plates with food.
我们慷慨的女主任把食物往我们盘子里堆。
Our guide take us into the castle channel.
我们的导游把我们领进了城堡的教堂。
Our holiday got off to a flying start because the weather was good and the trains were on time.
我们度假一开始就大吉大利，天气很好，火车也都准点。
Our hopes were dashed to the ground.
我们的希望都成了泡影。
Our house is too large for just the two of us and so we spent part of the weekend seeing over some flats with a view to buying one.
我们的房子只住我们两人实在太大了，所以我们利用周末抽空外出看看是否有合适的套房，想买一套。
Our institute is clamping down on those who often play truant.
我们学院正在严加惩处那些经常逃学的学生。
Our last hope has evaporated.
我们最後的希已消失了。
Our lorry rolled on through the morning wind.
我们的卡车迎着晨风向前奔驰。
Our manager's an easygoing person; she never gets angry.
＂我们的经理是个随和的人，她从不发怒。＂
Our names are the light that glows on the sea waves at night and then dies without leaving its signature.
我们的名字，便是夜里海波上发出的光，痕迹也不留就抿灭了。
Our new model be already on the stock and will be available in the autumn
我们正著手生产一种新的款式，可望在秋季面世
Our obedience was coerced.
我们的服从是被迫的。
Our opportunities of meeting are short and sweet.
我们的会面是短暂的，但却是愉快的。
Our pay- off period can be as long as15 year, not including3 year grace period.
我们的偿付期可达15年之久，不包括3年的宽限期。
Our plan was chucked out by had weather.
恶劣的天气使我们的计划落空了。
Our players opened up with forward passes.
我方球员向前传球，发动了攻势。
Our price is much lower than that in the international market.
我们的价格比目前国际市场价格低得多。
Our production goes steadily up.
我们的生产稳步上升。
Our record of slum-clearance cast other cities in the shade.
我们清理贫民窟的政绩使其他城市黯然失色。
Our room opened upon a view of the bay.
从我们房间可以看到海湾。
Our school is gearing up for an increased intake of pupils.
我们学校正在作好准备以接受更多的学生。
Our ship left port and headed out to sea.
我们的船离开港口向大海驶去。
Our soldiers grappled with the enemy at close range.
我们的战士和敌人短兵相接地搏斗。
Our strength was played out early in the contest.
比赛中我们的力量早已耗尽了
Our teacher does not as stern as theirs.
我们的教师没有他们的严厉。
Our team asked for time out to discuss a new plan.
我队要求暂停，以便商讨新的对策。
Our team has won the football match.
我们队赢得了足球赛。
Our team were at the bottom of the local competition, but now they are drawing ahead.
我们的队员在本地比赛时处在最后，现在他们赶上来了。
Our terms, as our invoice states, are2% cash discount, only within ten days of date of invoice.
发票上已表明我方的条件，自发票开出之日起10日内付现金者，可打2折扣。
Our troops charged at the enemy lines.
我们的部队向敌人的防线冲锋。
Our vicar often leaves off his dog collar and comes to the discos at the youth club.
我们的教区牧师经常不穿牧师领去参加青年俱乐部的迪斯科舞会。
Our white-headed child.
我们最得宠的孩子
Our work-force are completely dependable.
我们的工作人员的能力完全可靠。
Out of hours, telephone01-347-6521.
下班後，请拨01－347－6521。
Out of true.
出了毛病
Outlawed the sale of firearms.
宣告贩卖军火是非法的
Outside the jurisdiction of the court
在该法院管辖权的范围之外
Over the past12 years, American and Chinese leaders have met frequently to discuss a whole host of issues.
十二年来，美中两国领导人曾就一系列问题多次举行过会谈。
Overcome with emotion, he pressed her hand and left her.
他感慨万千，用力握了一下她的手，离开了她。
Overnight the sea had washed up a lot of rubbish.
一夜之间海水把许多垃圾冲上了岸。
Owed their riches to oil; owes her good health to diet and exercise.
有了石油才有他们的财富；她的健康归功于饮食和锻炼
Owing to the big fog, he drives very slowly.
由于大雾，他驾驶得很慢。
Oxygen and nitrogen are gases.
氧和氮都是气体。
Pack you night things in a small pack and get weaving, while I lay on transport.
把你过夜的东西装在一个小背包里，赶快装，我去安排交通工具。
Pageants and their presentation.
露天历史剧露天表演以及它们的上演
Pain that never eased.
从未减轻的疼痛
Palm computer
掌上电脑
Paper coated with a sticky, sometimes poisonous substance, used to catch flies.
捕蝇纸用于捕杀苍蝇的覆有粘稠性、有时有毒性物质的纸
Parcel receipt
包裹收据
Parents must be firm with their children.
父母对孩子一定要严格。
Parked the baby with neighbors; parking cash in a local bank account.
把孩子暂交给邻居；地方银行存款的暂蓄现金
Parliament voted the bill through without a debate.
国会未经辩论就投票通过了这项法案。
Partial or total darkness; gloom.
昏暗不完全或者完全的黑暗；黑暗
Parts in his automobile take thousands of miles of punishment without becoming tired.
他汽车上的零件可以经过几千英里的颠簸而不至于产生金属疲劳。
Pass the news down to the people at the end of the table.
把消息传下去，一直传到桌子那头的人。
Passengers may only take aboard the aircraft a minimum of hand luggage.
旅客上飞机随身只能携带最少量的行李。
Passport No
护照号
Paternity case; paternity suit.
父亲血缘案例；父亲血缘诉讼案
Patrick's cousin is hard work! He's very correct, very courteous—and dead from the neck up.
帕特里克的表弟是一个埋头苦干的人，他很正宗，待人彬彬有礼，而且对活动不感兴趣。
Paul gave his ears to save his son's life.
保罗不惜一切代价拯救他儿子生命。
Paul was formerly one of our best salesman, but recently he has begun to lose his grip.
保罗以前是我们最好的推销员，但最近已开始失去应付事务的能力。
Pay back the5,000 Yuan I loan you by today.
我借给你的5，000元，今天还我吧。
Payable to order
支付指定人
Payment respite
延期付款
Peaceful relations, as between nations; friendship.
和睦，友好，友善国家间友好和平的关系；友谊
Penetrated the home-computer market with an affordable new model.
以大众可承受的新机型打入家用电脑市场
People are campaigning to abate the noise in our city.
大家正在进行一场减低城市噪音的运动。
People become uninhibited when they drink.
人一喝酒就会变得肆无忌惮。
People concentrate in cities not only to get jobs but to take advantage of cultural facilities.
人们聚集在城市不仅是为就业，而且是为享用文化设施。
People from England are called Englishmen.
从英国来的人称英国人。
People have their own ideas. Some like danger. Some like security. It takes all sorts to make a world.
人们各有各的观点：有些人喜欢危险，有些人喜欢安全。世上的人真是各式各样。
People know he is a hypocrite.
人们知道他是一个伪君子。
People of that village used to get water by sinking barrels in the well.
以前好个村子的人们把桶沉到水进里取水。
People served a spaghetti supper in the parish house.
人们在教堂交谊厅吃意大利面晚餐。
People traveling on this bus bought their tickets in books.
乘这辆汽车旅游的人买订成本儿的车票。
People who eat too much die early.
吃得太多的人死得早。
People who work in library spend a lot of time classify book.
在图书馆工作的人花大量的时间为书籍分类。
Pepper, curry and mustard are hot.
胡椒，咖喱，以及芥末是辣的。
Perfectly satisfactory; fine.
顶呱呱的非常令人满意的；很好的
Perhaps I shall pay a visit to them this winter.
今年冬天我或许要访问他们一次。
Perhaps his conscience troubled him.
或许是良心使他不安。
Perhaps some point has been left out.
可能某一点给删掉了。
Perhaps you and I have better change over; you are much more experienced than I in this field.
也许我们的工作还是对换一下好；在这方面你比我更有经验。
Perhaps you'll make it up again with Angie. Not the ghost of a chance. She's avoiding me like the plague.
也许你还会与安吉言归于好。一点可能也没有。她在极力地避开我。
Perseverance and pluck will carry a man through many difficulties.
百折不挠和大无畏的精神可以帮助一个人克服许多困难。
Person or thing that is better
较好的人或事物；优胜者
Person who is a very familiar figure in some activity or place
（在某活动上或在某处的）知名人士，闻人，名流
Person's appearance, manner or style
人的外貌、姿态或风度
Personally, I am quite content with Scotland.
就我个人而言，我对苏格兰挺满意。
Persons interested in the book's history should see page one of the preface.
对这本书的历史感兴趣者可参阅前言的第一页
Pertaining to a quality implying a close logical relationship with, and importance to, the matter under consideration.
用来修饰或说明一种性质，意味着与所考虑的事情有密切的逻辑关系，且有重大的影响。
Pertaining to disk packs which are interchangeable on any drive.
用于修饰或说明在任何磁盘机上均可交换使用的磁盘组。
Peter and Susan seem to be cut out for each other.
彼得和苏珊似乎是天生的一对。
Peter had been touched for"a small loan" before; he wasn't going to be caught a second time.
彼得曾有一小笔钱被人借走不还，他再也不会第二次上当了。
Peter is on holiday; he is touring Italy.
彼得在休假，他在意大利旅游。
Peter remained on friendly terms with Christ notwithstanding Christ's having healed his mother-in-law.
尽管基督曾经治愈了他的岳母，彼得仍旧和基督保持了友好关系。
Peter was afraid he had done badly on the test, and sure enough, his grade was failing.
彼得深怕自己考不好。然而正如所料，他的分数不及格。
Peter's work always gives satisfaction for which he has been promoted twice in a matter at less than two years.
彼得的工作总是令人满意，为此，在不到两年时间里他被两次提升。
Pets may communicate some kinds of diseases.
宠物可能会传染某些疾病。
Phillip is packing up his goods.
菲利普正包装他的货物。
Physical and chemical tests verify that this Recovery Device has neither radioactive pollution nor toxic side effects.
经理化检验证实：使用该器无放射性污染，对人体绝对无毒无副作用。
Physicists are studying new ways of generating electricity with less damage to the environment. In the meantime, many power plants are being modernized to give off less polluting material.
物理学家们正在研究对环境危害少的发电新方法，与此同时，许多发电厂也在实现现代化以减少污染物质的释放量。
Pick up the grains on the ground.
将地上的谷粒捡起来。
Picturesque rocky shores.
风景如画的岩石海岸
Pile on more coal the fire is going out.
火快灭了，再加上些煤。
Pink sock are not allowed.
不可以穿粉红色的袜子。
Pity is a lever for quickening love.
怜悯是加速爱情的手段。
Place where animals go to wallow
（动物常去打滚的）泥坑，水坑
Plagiarists, at least, have the merit of preservation.
抄袭者，起码也有保存文物的功劳。
Plans for the picnic are still in the air since we can't decide where to go.
因为去的地点不能定下来，所以野炊仍未定下来。
Plants considered as a group, especially the plants of a particular country, region, or time.
植物群尤指某一特定国家、地区或时间被认为是一群落的植物
Plastics Engineer
整形工程师
Play that jazz tape for me, please.
请给我放那盘爵士乐录音带吧。
Players must behave well on court.
比赛者应该遵守场上规则
Pleasant hours fly past.
快乐时光去如飞。
Please accept our sincere apologies for the error in your bank statement.
为你的银行报表中的错误，请接受我们诚挚的道歉。
Please advise us immediately after you have obtained the necessary import license.
你公司得到所需进口许可证后，请立即通知我们。
Please ask her to call me back when she's back.
她回来时请让她给我回个电话。
Please bring me one.
请带一个给我。
Please call for me when you go; don't leave me behind.
你走时叫我一声，别把我往旁边一下。
Please cash this money order.
请把这汇票兑现。
Please clear the goods and forward them by rail to our address, carriage pay.
请将该货物报关后，通过铁路交本公司，运费已付。
Please consult the relevant entry to find the correct word for the item concerned.
查阅与物品搭配用的确切量词，请参考有关词条。
Please deliberate what to do.
请仔细考虑该做什么。
Please do!
请坐！
Please don't leave without me.
请让我和你一起去。
Please don't wait dinner for us.
请不要为了等我们而延缓吃晚饭。
Please excuse my dog. He barks at everyone.
请原谅我的狗。它对谁都叫。
Please fill in the arrival card.
请填写这张来客登记卡。
Please forgive me. I didn't mean to start a fight.
请原谅，我本不想和你争吵。
Please give me a chance to explain.
请给我个机会让我解释一下。
Please give my blessing to the new couple.
请代我向那对新人祝福。
Please hang up and we'll call you back.
请挂断，我们会打给你。
Please help me off with these damp clothes.
请帮我把这些湿衣服脱掉。
Please inform us what special offer you can make us based on a quantity of500 tons.
请告知在订购500吨的基础上贵公司能给多少特价优待。
Please keep the children from swimming in the sea.
请不要让孩子们到海里游泳。
Please leave us for a minute or so, I have some private business to transact with your brother.
你请先回避一分钟左右，我与你兄弟有些私事要处理。
Please let me pass.
请让我过去。
Please look at its crust.
请看它的外壳。
Please note my words.
请注意我的话。
Please pass me the razor.
请把剃刀递给我。
Please prepare the table for dinner.
请把桌子收拾好准备吃饭。
Please put off all the lights as you leave the building.
你离开大楼时，请关上所有的灯。
Please put us on your best term, as this order form part of a contract.
由于这一次订购是合同的组成部分，请提供最好的条件。
Please reassure the owners and managers not to get so uptight about something that makes the day a little pleasant.
请提醒老板们，经理们，不要对那些能使一天的气氛轻松起来的小事过分紧张。
Please repeat last month's order for:
请按上月的订单给我继续订购下列物品：
Please say that again.
请再说一次。
Please send me literature about your tour to italy.
请给我寄贵公司有关意大利旅游项目的文字材料。
Please settle your account immediately.
请立刻结清你的欠帐。
Please sober down a bit; I've got some important news for you.
请严肃点，我有重要消息要告诉你们。
Please stay for dinner.
请留下来吃晚饭。
Please switch the radio back to the other programme.
请把收音机调回到另外那个节目。
Please take your time. The body has a marvelous healing process, but it sometimes works more slowly than we'd like.
别着急，人体有一个奇妙的痊愈系统，只是有时比我们希望的要来得慢些。
Please tell me where the bus stop be.
请问公共汽车站在哪里。
Please turn back to page3 and start again from there.
请翻回到第三页，再从那里开始。
Please verify each item you have pricked down.
请把你已用小记号标出的每一个项目核对一下。
Please write your home address on the registration form.
请在这张登记表上写下你的家庭住址。
Pleasing; satisfying
令人高兴的；令人满意的
Plug a leak in the barrel
用塞子堵住大桶的漏洞
Poetry correlates inner experience and social reality.
诗表示内在经验兴社会现实的相互关系。
Poland's crash program toward capitalism and a market economy went into full force yesterday and prices for many items were immediately increased.
波兰迈向资本主义和市场经济的速成计划昨天开始全部生效，很多物品价格立刻上升。
Police gave chase to the speeding car.
警察追赶那辆超速行驶的轿车
Police sealed off the street.
警察封锁了街道。
Policy bank
政策银行
Political leaders exploded a bombshell when they picked the young lawyer to run for mayor.
政界头面人物推举这位年轻的律师出来竞选市长，这真是个“爆炸”新闻。
Polluted air hangs over the city.
城市上空被污染的空气所笼罩。
Poor Jane has been moping the whole week away. I'm getting quite worried about her.
整整一个星期可怜的简一直郁郁不乐，我十分为她担心。
Poor fellow, he's quite knocked over by the news.
可怜的家伙，他的心被这条消息搅得全乱了。
Poor weather knocked up our trip.
坏天气使我们的旅行十分扫兴。
Popular
有销路的
Positive Responses
肯定回答。
Possessing or exhibiting great wealth; affluent.
富裕的占有或具有大量财富的；丰富的
Post a man as a thief.
公告某人为小偷
Pour her a glass of wine.
给她斟一杯酒。
Poverty reduced him to begging for a living.
贫困使他陷入讨饭的地步。
Powerful shock absorbers cushion our landing.
有效的减震装置缓解了我们著陆时的冲撞力。
Practicing is tiresome, but stick with it and some day you will become a good pianist.
练琴是一件辛劳的事，但如果你坚持下去，你将来会成为一名很好的钢琴演奏家。
Precautions of this sort are necessary, for it is impossible to foretell the exact nature of the difficulties which will confront the potholer.
这种谨慎是必要的，因为洞穴勘探家将要面临的困难的性质，　是不可能预见的。
Prejudice is absent from his mind.
他思想上没有成见。
Prepare to work or fight
卷起袖子（准备工作或战斗）
Presented a careful argument for extraterrestrial life.
提出关于地球外生命的详细论证
President Abraham Lincoln was admired for his policies.
亚伯拉罕·林肯总统的政策受到称赞。
Press the setup button to display the setup menu, and move the highlight down to audio.
按Setup键显示Setup菜单，然后移动亮条到Audio选项上。
Pretentious speech or writing; pompous language.
夸张话；浮夸的文章矫饰的演讲或文章；浮夸的语言
Prevention of or protective treatment for disease.
预防对疾病的防止或保护性处理
Price have fall due to a reduce demand for the goods.
价格由于货物需求量的减少而降低了。
Price prohibitive of business as buyer market prevailing here
贵公司报价太高无法成交，此地目前是买方市场的天下。
Prices are likely to steady.
价格可能会稳定下来。
Prices leveled off.
价格趋于稳定
Pride and Prejudice
傲慢与偏见
Principal
委托方
Prisoners chained to a wall, each other
用链子锁在墙上、互相锁住的囚犯
Prizes went to the first three out of the hat.
奖品为随意挑选出来的前三人所得。
Proceed with care, or you'll mess up.
你必须小心行事，不然就要倒霉。
Produce rubber from petroleum by synthesis
以合成法用石油制取橡胶
Producing or capable of producing a desired effect.
灵验的能产生或产生所期的效果的
Product engineer
产品工程师
Prof Smith gives a good account of an out-and-out coward.
史密斯教授对彻头彻尾的胆小鬼做了极精彩的描述。
Professor Fang worked out a method to destroy bacteria on the seeds.
方教授想出了一个办法来消灭种子上的细菌。
Profit multiply in the boom year.
兴旺之年利润增长。
Progress toward a goal.
朝向目标的前进
Prominent leader in a cause, esp a political one
领导人；先行者；（尤指政治上的）旗手
Pronounced with the tongue in a middle position, neither high nor low, as the a in around.
中性音的发音时舌头位于中间位置的，即不高也不低，如：around中的a音
Property brings duties and responsibilities.
有了财产也就有了义务和责任。
Prosecute counsel asked the accused to explain why the can of petrol was in his car.
公诉法律顾问要求被告解释为什么汽油桶会在他的车内。
Proven and reliable; trustworthy
经证明可靠的；可信的
Providing a reasonable basis for belief or acceptance.
左证为相信或接受而提供合理的证据的
Puberty
青春期
Publicity agents were beating the drum about the new star.
宣传员（广告员）们通过宣传媒介竭力吹捧这名新星。
Pull out the wire until it is very thin.
把这根铁丝拉长，一直拉到很细很细。
Pump out a flooded basement.
把地下室里的水抽干
Puny though he looked, he was as brave as a lion.
他看上去虽然瘦弱，但人很勇敢。
Pursue the direction of the voice he soon discover the hide songster.
寻声望去，他立即发现了隐藏着的歌手。
Put a bib on the baby. I don't want him to spit up on his new clothes.
给小孩带上围嘴儿，我不想让他吐到他的新衣服上。
Put down that knife before you hurt somebody!
把那刀子放下，以免伤人！
Put it in writing.
以书面形式把它记下来
Put on more steam, comrades!
同志们，加油干！
Put some liquid on and let it soak in naturally.
放上一些液体，让它自然地渗入。
Put the bread under the grill to make the toast for breakfast.
把面包放在拷架下准备做早饭吃的吐司。
Put the light on, please.
请你把电灯开亮。
Put these invoice in numerical order.
把这些发票按其号码顺序放好。
Put up your dukes!
把你的手举起来。
Puttered away the hours in the garden.
在花圈里把时间消磨掉
Qualify to do sth.
使有资格做某事
Quantity production
大批生产；批量生产
Queue forme at the ticket office when the news of the fare reduction get out.
票价下调的消息一传出，售票处前就排起了队。
Quickly when hung up to drip
（指衣服）能很快滴乾的
Quite a few people have filed for district attorney.
好几个人已正式提出竞选地方检察官职位。
Quitting is a bad way to embark on life, and that young person really ought to snap out of it.
走上生活道路放弃斗争，这是很糟糕的，那个年轻人确实该好好振作起来才行。
Radar is used to detect objects in the air or at sea.
雷达被用来探测空中或海上的目标。
Radio2 can be heard on the long wave band.
第二广播电台可在长波段收听到。
Rain clouds are banking up. Hope they'll blow over.
雨云正在聚积起来。希望它们会散去。
Rainstorms cause damage every year.
暴风雨每年都造成损害。
Rake the garden paths smooth.
耙平花园的小径。
Range or scope of influence or effect.
影响力产生影响或效果的范围或领域
Rather than relieving the situation, his action aggravated it.
他的行动不仅没有缓和局势，反而加剧了局势。
Raw Deal
魔鬼杀阵
Re-collect monies owed.
将应付的钱重新集拢起来
Reacted to the latest crisis with listless resignation.
对最近的危机所作的反应是无精打采的放弃
Read the document well before you sign it.
仔细审阅文件後方可签字。
Readily seen; visible.
易看见的；可看见的
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
看书，等于是用人家的脑子代替自己的来想。
Ready(for) delivery
货已备妥待装运
Really cracked up when I heard that joke.
听到那个笑话我真想大笑
Really? Lucky old you. You really deserve it.
真的？你真走运。你应该升职了。
Reasoned out a solution to the problem.
分析推断出解决这个问题的办法
Received flowers from an unknown admirer.
从一个不知其名的敬慕者那儿收到鲜花
Recent happenings were jumbled up in her nard with events recalled from early childhood.
近日发生的事件与她回忆起的童年早期的事件，在她脑中混在一起。
Recently, I feel tired no matter what I do.
最近我无论做什么都会疲劳。
Recline one's head on [upon]...
将头斜靠于。。。上
Recover from fatigue
从疲劳中恢复过来
Redo a living area in yellow.
把房子起居部分重新装修成黄色
References: the first bank, ltd, Tokyo, and the national bank, New York.
信誉咨询：东京第一银行和纽约国民银行。
Reflect on a problem
仔细思考一个问题
Refusing to lie up, the retired worker took an active part in the work of the neighbour-hood committee.
这位退休工人不愿过悠闲的生活，而是积极参加居民委员会的工作。
Regret being an appalling waste of energy; you can not build on it; it's only good for wallow in.
后悔是精力的一大浪费；你不能靠它（稳站于其上），只适宜沉迷于其中。
Rejoicing over the decision, the peasants rushed to volunteer for the work.
农民对这决定感到兴高采烈，跑去自愿参加这项工程。
Relating to bodily fluids, especially serum.
体液的与体液（尤是血清）有关的
Relating to or being an agnostic.
不可知论的不可知论者的或与之有关的
Relating to or composed of elements at different levels, as of society.
合成的，统合的包括社会中各种不同成次人的
Relating to or designating the sign(-).
负号的有关或表示符号（－）的
Relating to or made by projection.
投影的由投影制作的或与其有关的
Relating to progression by intervals larger than major seconds.
跳跃的，脱节的演奏过程中，与比主要的二度音程稍大的间奏有关的
Relating to, characterized by, or experiencing gastric distress caused by a disorder of the liver or gallbladder.
由肝或胆囊不适引起的胃难受的由肝或胆囊不适引起的胃难受的、以之为特点的或感受之的
Relating to, measured from, or with respect to the center of the earth.
与地心相关的，从地心测得的，关于地心的
Relative lack of warmth.
冷淡相比较缺乏热情
Reliance on something in the future; hope.
期待，期望对某事未来的信赖；希望
Religious thinkers may work out a new interpretation of life.
宗教思想家也许想重新解释生活的真谛。
Remember my promise.
记住我的承诺。
Remember you are one of the masters now, so speak up and tell us what you think.
记住，你现在当家作主了，要大胆说话，有什么想法就告诉我们。
Remove paint from the brushes with white spirit
用石油溶剂除去刷子上的油漆
Repayment for your services, efforts
对你提供的服务、做出的努力的酬报
Reply to your letter of yesterday's date, we are happy to inform you that the house refer to enjoy an unlimited credit.
昨天接到贵函，我们很乐意向您报告有关查询事项。该公司博得此间客户极大信赖，特此复函。
Reporters taking potshots at the mayor.
记者们对市长胡乱加以批评
Request
请求
Research that covers a wide field
涉及范围很广的研究工作
Resembling an abyss in depth; unfathomable.
深不可测的，无底的深度上象深渊的；深不可测的
Resembling or suggestive of a feather, as in form or lightness.
似羽毛的结构上或轻度上象羽毛的，使人联想起羽毛的
Reshipped goods
退货商品
Respect is due to teachers.
教师应受尊敬。
Restated the obvious.
再说这一显而易见的事
Retiring pensions are given as of right.
退休金是作为应享受的权利发给的。
Returned students
归国留学生
Reversion of property to the state in the absence of legal heirs or claimants.
无继承人的土地充公在缺少继承人或申请者时转给国家的财产
Ribbing a friend for being helplessly in love.
取笑正恋爱得无力自拔的朋友。
Rich widow are only secondhand goods that sell at first- class price.
富孀，是唯一的可以一流的价钱出售的二手货。
Rick be foolish to be take in by her.
雷克愚蠢地被她所骗。
Right at the center of this evil plain there yawns a very wide, deep well, whose structure.
在这邪恶的场所的正中，一口极广极深的井张着大口。
Right, we agree then. We'll meet back here at the bus stop in one hour.
好吧，我们达成一致。我们一小时后在汽车站这儿见面。
Rinse all the soap out of your hair after you wash it.
洗头之后，将你头发上的肥皂全部冲洗乾净。
Rising tensions have turned the area into a powder-keg and any incident could set off a riot.
形势越来越紧张，该地区已成了火药桶，任何小事均能激起一场动乱。
Roast beef
烤牛肉
Robert has been up to his old tricks; he was courting two different girls at once until one of them found out and told the other one.
罗伯特惯用的伎俩是同时向两个姑娘求爱，直到其中一位发觉了并告诉了别一位。
Robin: We certainly do! We have a special department devoted to designing the best ad for your particular company.
罗　宾：我们当然设计！我们有个特别专门为贵公司个别设计最好的广告。
Rocks weather until they are worn away.
岩石经风吹雨打而剥蚀，直至完全风化。
Roll on the holiday season- I do enjoy lying in bed and doing nothing.
假期快来临吧——我实在很喜欢躺在床上，无所事事。
Roman philosopher. Falsely accused of treason, he wrote The Consolation of Philosophy, an account of classical thought, while awaiting his execution.
波伊提乌，阿尼修斯·马尼利乌斯·塞维里努斯罗马哲学家，被误判判国罪处死。在狱中写成以柏拉图思想为理论依据的名著哲学的慰藉
Room service. May I help you?
这是客房服务部，需要我帮忙吗？
Roses graft well on brier roots.
玫瑰很适於接枝在石南根上。
Round and round frozen lake the children skated.
孩子们在结了冰的湖上滑来滑去。
Roy took up a station by the pier head so that he could watch all the coming boats.
罗伊站在码头的顶头，以便观看所有驶入的船只。
Rubber has more resilience than wood.
橡胶有比木头更大的弹性。
Rule the photographs off from the text
画线把照片与文字隔开
Run a comb through the childs hair he can't go to a party looking like that.
把孩子的头发用梳子梳梳，他可不能这样参加聚会。
Run ribbon through holes and fasten it off at the wrist with a neat bow.
将丝带穿过那个孔在手腕处打一个蝴蝶结。
Running the length of the field, he was able to touch the ball down just in time.
他从球场的一端跑到另一端，及时带球到对方球门线后触地得分。
Russian-born American economist. He won a1973 Nobel Prize for devising the input-output technique of economic analysis.
列昂捷夫，瓦斯利生于1906俄裔美籍经济学家。因其策划经济学分析的投入一产出技巧而获1973年的诺贝尔奖
Rye lodged by the cyclone.
台风将麦子吹倒了
Sailing close to the wind.
接近风向地航行
Sale have stick at2 million for the last two years.
前两年销售额一直停留在200万英镑。
Sales began to drop and the company was soon in the red. They had to sell the building.
销售开始下跌，公司财务不久便出现赤字，他们只得把那幢大楼卖掉。
Sales where gift are given to purchaser or where only certain purchaser are allowed to make bid.
一种向购买者发礼品的销售或者只允许某些购买者出价的销售。
Sally is spoiled because her mother waits on her hand and foot.
因莎莉的母亲对她照顾得无微不至把她给惯坏了。
Sam always keeps his bicycle in good order.
萨姆总是把自行车保养得很好。
Sam placed his new book on one side for a year while he wrote some magazine articles and informative material.
萨姆把写新书的工作搁置了一年时间，在这段时间里他写了一些杂志文章和报道材料。
Sample number
样品号码
Sanitary conditions had deteriorated to such an extent that there was widespread danger of disease.
卫生条件恶化到了如此程度，到处都有发生疾病的危险。
Satellite
卫星楼
Save your strength for the hard work you'll have to do later.
留著点儿劲儿，你一会儿还得干重活儿呢。
Saw through the disguise all along.
我从一开始就看穿了那个伪装
Say to the teacher why you're late.
跟老师说你为什么迟到了。
Say, that's a good idea.
那真是好主意。
Scholar nowadays just split hairs; they never address the basic.
当今的学者只做不必要的细微区分；他们从来不谈根本。
School will close early next month.
学校下个月上旬开始放假。
Science has brought about many changes in our lives.
科学已经给我们的生活带来了许多变化。
Scientists are now on the threshold of an important discovery.
科学家们很快就会有一项重大发现。
Scientists may work out a new interpretation of that phenomenon.
科学家们可能会对那个现象作出新的解释。
Scotch and water, please.
请给我加水威士忌。
Scrape out ashes from a furnace
从炉子里扒出炉灰
Scrupulously or conscientiously; regularly
审慎地；认真地；有规律地
Searching through a drawer, I came upon the letter I'd been looking for.
在抽屉里找东西的时候，我偶然翻到那封我一直在寻找的信。
Sebastian became captain in place of Miles who had broken his leg.
迈尔斯的腿骨折了，塞巴斯蒂安代替他当了船长。
Secure order even sacrifice margin.
即使牺牲利润，也须保住订单。
See chapter5 for information on how to connect a second video source.
关于如何连接第二个视频源的信息，请参阅第五章。
See if you can hook it with this pole.
看看能不能用这根杆子把它捞起来。
See that you get there in time.
注意准时到达那里。
See you Friday.
星期五见。
Seedlings that are hardened off in a hotbed
放在温床中经受耐寒锻炼的幼苗
Seeing the ball coming his way, the man fell back a pace.
看到球向他飞来，这人后退了一步。
Seemingly everyone likes the zebra.
似乎每个人都喜欢斑马。
Seldom seen, soon forgotten.
少见则易忘；别久则情疏。
Self- make men are very apt to usurp the prerogative of the almighty and overwork themselves.
全凭一己奋斗而成功的人，大有篡夺上帝的大权之势而过度工作。
Selling cost
销售成本
Senator Smith.
史密斯叁议员。
Send her my best regards.
请代我向她致意。
Senior Employee
高级雇员
Sent the package by the most expeditious means.
以最快速有效的方式送包裹
Serious lack of circulating fund forced the closure of the company.
公司因缺严重乏流动资金而被迫关闭。
Serving as or relating to a prosthesis.
弥补的用作修补物的或与之有关的
Serving to inform; providing or disclosing information; instructive.
提供资讯的，有益的为…提供信息服务的；提供或揭露信息的；增长见识的
Set against a brilliant background of blue sky, the summit of the mountain is grey.
在蓝色天空的耀眼背景衬托下，峰顶是灰色的。
Set the cup on the table, please.
请把杯子放在桌上。
Setting out it business is no easy job.
开始做生意可不是容易的活儿。
Seventy years old though she is, she is in which drove him to Italy for a change of air.
他恶劣的健康状况使他不得不去意大利换个环境疗养。
Several clients are waiting in the other room.
一些客户在另一房间等候。
Several helpful boys see the disabled-girl home every day.
几个热心肠的学生每天都把这个残疾女孩送回家。
Several of the apples are bad.
苹果中好几个烂了。
Several properties in this street are to be let.
这条街上有几处房地产要出租。
Several trees came to the ground in last night's storm.
在昨晚的暴风雨中，有好几棵树被风刮倒了。
Sewn with close, vertical stitches drawing two edges together, with each stitch passing over the seam formed by the edges.
平式缝接的把两个边拉在一起用垂直而细密的针脚缝接的，缝纫时每一针都经过两道边形成的缝口
Shadow is longer when the sun is low in the sky.
太阳很低时，物体的影子就很长。
Shakespeare is a dramatist of not who lives by written thing to quote.
莎士比亚是个有名气的剧作家，他是靠让人家引用话来过日子的。
Shall I call you up at six tomorrow morning?
我明天早上六点钟叫醒你好吗？
Shall I get you a sandwich?
给你来一块三明治好吗？
Shall I neaten up the side?
要不要把两边修修齐？
Shall I tell him you'd call back, or do you want him to call you?
要我告诉他你会再打电话来，还是叫他打电话给你？
Shall we call it a night for now and continue our discussion tomorrow?
我们今晚就此结束，明天继续讨论好吗？
Shall we go out for dinner tonight? Or would you rather stay home and take potluck?
咱们今晚是到外边去吃饭呢？你还是愿意留在家里凑合着吃顿便饭？
Shall we make a move now?
我们现在要不要换个地方？
Shall we take up the question of inspection today?
今天咱们讨论商品检验问题吧。
Shameful or disgraceful action, conduct, or character.
丑行，无耻行为耻辱的，不光彩的活动、行为或性格
Shaped like or forming a ring.
环状的，轮状的形状象环或形成环状
Shares are selling at a premium.
股票按超出票面价值出售。
She accidentally breaks our coffee pot, and she really is like a bull in a China shop.
她不小心把我们的咖啡壶打破了，她真是个毛手毛脚的闯祸人。
She acts as a private secretary to him.
她担任他的私人秘书。
She affiliated her child to Smith.
她判定孩子是史密斯的。
She always eats her lunch at noon.
她总是在正午吃午饭。
She always put her little son across her knee.
她经常打她小儿子的屁股。
She always takes the lead when we plan to do anything.
我们打算做任何事时总由她来领头。
She angles her reports to suit the people she is speaking to.
她从某种角度来作报告以迎合听众。
She applied whatever strength she had left to the task.
她将所有剩下的精力都用到这项任务上
She ask me many question about my adventure in the arctic.
她问了我许多有关我在北极探险的问题。
She asked me which to choose.
她问我该选哪一个。
She ate up the chance to go to Yan an.
她极为珍视这次去延安的机会。
She be go to be a timekeeper at the track meet
她将在田径比赛中担任计时员
She beg them not to punish her son severely.
她恳求他们不要给他儿子太重的处罚。
She behaved deplorably.
她的行为十分可悲。
She bent over backwards to show it.
她拚命把它显露出来。
She blushed at the thought of it.
她想到这件事就脸红。
She bought a set of furniture on easy terms.
她以分期付款的方式买了一套家具。
She braved her parents displeasure by marrying him.
她不顾父母的不悦而和他结婚。
She brought her mother out to the car.
她把母亲领出来走向汽车。
She burst out laughing and then checked herself.
她突然爆笑起来，然後又突然止住。
She called for the books she had lent me.
她来拿回她借给我的书。
She came by the data from various sources.
这些资料她是从各个地方得到的。
She came to herself.
她醒过来了。
She can feel her heart pounding painfully as she finished the race.
她跑完赛程後感到心脏都快要跳出来了。
She can reason very clearly.
她推理思路十分清晰。
She can't just be written off as an eccentric recluse.
不能仅仅把她当成一个古怪的隐居者。
She carried off the screaming child.
她把那个哭叫的小孩子拖走了。
She caught up a popular neologism from the newspapers.
她急忙采用了报刊上流行的一种新词语。
She chummed up with another new girl.
她又去和另一个新来的女孩子要好了。
She closed her eyes to her husband's infidelities.
她丈夫有不忠行为，她却视而不见。
She commended the child to her aunt's care.
她把孩子托付给姑母照管。
She consumed most of her time in reading.
她把大部分的时间花在阅读。
She could feel her heart pounding painfully as she finished the race.
她跑完赛程後感到心脏都快要跳出来了。
She could only flounder through her song.
她只能慌乱地唱完她的歌。
She couldn't speak for laughing.
她笑得连话都说不出来。
She crossed herself as she left the church.
她在自己胸前划着十字离开了教堂。
She cut the apple in two.
她把苹果切成两半。
She dashed off a letter to her mother.
她给母亲匆匆写了一封信。
She declined to have lunch with her friend, saying that she was not feeling well.
她说她身体不舒服，婉拒了与她的朋友共进午餐。
She described the events so graphically that I could almost see them.
她把那些事件描述得活灵活现，我几乎象是能够亲眼目睹了。
She did it from ignorance.
她做这事是由于无知。
She did not want to face those people again.
她不愿意再和那些人见面。
She didn't know they were playing on her sympathies.
她不知道他们是在利用她的同情心。
She didn't tell me she had been there;she's been holding out on me.
她没有跟我说过她去过那儿；她一直瞒着我。
She disobeyed her mother and went to the party.
＂她不听母亲的劝告，去参加了那次聚会。＂
She do not have to work on Saturday.
她星期六不需要工作。
She does fuss the children about so-making sure they're well wrapped up, and worrying about minor illnesses.
她一定要孩子们穿得暖暖的，他们有点小毛小病便提心吊胆，她对他们实在关心得太过分了。
She doesn't go out now, for she is very old.
她现在不出门，因为她年纪很大了。
She dragged herself out of bed, still half asleep.
她挣扎著起了床，犹自睡眼惺松。
She dresses with chic.
她穿着高雅。
She dropped the bag down and he caught it.
她把包扔下，他接住了。
She embraced her baby.
她抱紧她的婴儿。
She entered all the events of the day in her diary.
她把一发生的事都记到她的日记上了。
She expatiated on the thrills of her trip.
她详载她旅行中刺激惊险的事。
She failed to call the office to cancel her appointment.
她没有打电话到办公室取消她的约会。
She feared for the lost child.
她为丢失的孩子而担忧。
She feels equal to the task.
她认为能胜任该项工作。
She fell in a fit.
她晕厥了。
She felt anger rise in her heart.
她感到心中冒起怒火。
She felt in her pocket for the keys.
她把手伸进口袋去摸钥匙。
She felt uneasy at the thought of having to go without her husband.
想到没有先生作陪同行，她就感觉不安。
She find it very difficult to answer the question.
她发现回答这个问题是很困难的。
She fitted me for a new jacket.
她给我量做一件新茄克
She floundered through the song.
她嗑嗑巴巴地唱完了这首歌。
She followed her sister about everywhere.
她到哪儿都跟着她姐姐。
She found a lump in her left breast.
她发现左乳有个硬肿块。
She fulfilled herself both as a qualified mother and as a successful painter.
她充分发挥了自己的才能既是一个称职的母亲又是一个成功的画家。
She gave a quiet cough to attract my attention.
她轻轻地咳了一声好引起我注意。
She gave her mother an affectionate hug.
她紧紧拥抱著她的母亲。
She gave me a nudge.
她用胳膊捅了我一下。
She gave up many of her holidays to help us in our work.
她放弃了好些假日来帮助我们工作。
She get the door open, but only with some difficulty.
她倒是把门打开了，但却花了些力气。
She give her parents a song and dance about have to use their car.
她花言巧语地骗她父母她为什么必须用他们的车。
She glanced at him with meaning.
她有意地瞧了他一眼。
She go pale at the news.
她听到这消息脸都白了。
She got a divorce after years of unhappiness.
经过多年的不幸之后，她终于离了婚。
She got off the bus and made straight for the office.
她下了车，径直向办公室走去。
She grabbled about in her bag.
她在她的袋中四处摸索。
She had a book in her hand.
她手里拿着一本书。
She had a mop of black hair.
她一头蓬乱的黑发。
She had an eye for the beauty of nature.
她有鉴赏自然美的眼力。
She had led a life of luxury and privilege.
她过著养尊处优的生活。
She had proved that she could be relied on in a crisis.
她已证明，在危急时刻她是靠得住的。
She had three servants attending on her.
她有三个仆人在侍候她。
She had worked for the firm for twenty years and was in a position of trust.
她为这家公司工作了二十年，因而被委以重任。
She happily accepts and they are married. They soon have a child.
她愉快地接受了，于是他俩结为百年之好，不久便有了孩子。
She has a gold chain about her neck.
她在脖子的周围挂着一根金项链。
She has a piano on loan from her friend.
她正在借用朋友的钢琴。
She has a way of clearing her throat before she speaks.
她讲话之前有轻咳一声的习惯。
She has an unusually attractive oval face and green eyes set slightly on the slant.
她有着一张非常迷人的瓜子脸和一对眼梢儿有点斜的绿眼睛。
She has been living in a goldfish bowl since she won the beauty contest.
自从她选美获胜後，她就像活在金鱼缸中，任人参观，毫无隐私。
She has been thick with that family for years.
多年来她与那家关系密切。
She has clapped a telegram for me.
她给我拍了封电报。
She has experienced many hardships in the course of their journeys, but all her fatigue completely vanishes at the sight of her beloved antiques.
尽管一路风尘，可当她看到这些让她心动不已的古老物品时，行程中的疲惫与劳累都烟消云散了。
She has got up in new costume.
她穿起一身新装。
She has huffed poor Mr Williams all to pieces.
她把可怜的威廉姆斯先生吓得不知所措。
She has made so many mistakes that her days must be numbered in that job.
她犯的错误太多了，那工作她干不长久了。
She has not one dram of learning.
她一点学问也没有。
She has sent word that she may be a little late, so we don't need to wait for her.
她带口信来说她可能要迟到一会儿，因此我们不必等她了。
She has the reputation of being kind to the poor.
她对待穷人仁慈，享有美誉。
She has two children to fend for.
她有两个孩子要抚养。
She hasn't been out riding since the accident.
她自从出了事故以後，一直没有骑马外出过。
She hates working—She's going to pack it in and go on holiday.
她讨厌工作—她打算不干了去度假。
She have a right to the property.
他享有这比财产权所有权。
She have go into banking.
她以从事银行业。
She have take an option on that piece of land.
她已取得那块土地的购置权。
She heard voices and realized that there were three people in the next room.
她听到了隔壁说话的声音，知道房间里有三个人。
She held to her resolutions.
她很忠于自己的决定
She hesitated over the choice between the two dresses.
这两件衣服她拿不定主意究竞挑哪一件。
She hungered for some contact outside her own circumscribed world.
她渴望跳出自己的小圈圈与外界有所接触。
She implored him for mercy.
她恳求他大发慈悲。
She inscribed his name on the book.
她将他的名字题写于书上。
She invited the boy to come and see her at Paris.
她邀请那男孩来到巴黎见她。
She is a conspicuous figure.
她是引人注目的人物。
She is a great movie fan.
她是一个影迷。
She is a near friend of ours.
她是我们很要好的朋友。
She is a stewardess.
她是一位空中小姐。
She is a woman of great perception.
她是一个洞察力强的女人。
She is all nerves.
她太神经过敏。
She is always ready to argue over the smallest issues.
她总喜欢为极小的问题而争论。
She is artistically aware.
她艺术感很强。
She is busy dishing out food to the guests.
她正忙着给客人端饭菜。
She is crazed about the film star.
她对那位影星着迷。
She is dismayed at the news of her husband's failure.
她惊悉丈夫失败的消息，非常惊慌。
She is expert at Chinese boxing.
她的武术练到家了。
She is gaga about jazz.
她对爵士乐着了迷。
She is growing into a beautiful young woman.
她渐渐出落成美丽的姑娘。
She is in her thirty but looks old for her age.
她现在30几岁，但是看起来比她实际年龄要老。
She is laughing.
她正在笑。
She is my beloved.
她是我的爱人。
She is not a fit person to baby-sit.
她不是一个适合做临时保姆的人。
She is not yet sure if she can trust him.
她还没有把握确定是否相信他。
She is one of the best singers around.
她是当今最隹歌手之一。
She is picky about what she eats because she is on a diet.
她正在节食，所以挑食挑得厉害。
She is quick to notice the ambiguity in the article.
她很快就察觉出了文中的那些模棱两可的意思。
She is selective in the dresses she wears.
她对于自己穿的衣服精挑细选。
She is so particular about her housework that servants will not work for her.
她对家务活太挑剔了，以致于佣人们不愿给她干活。
She is such a woman full of good will to all of us.
她就是这样一个女人，对我们大家都充满善意。
She is the most progressive writer of those times.
她是那个时代最进步的作家。
She is to star in a new film.
她将主演一部新影片。
She is unexpectedly cheerful, and her dining- room has the decency of clean bareness.
她出乎意料地欢乐，她的餐室有一种清洁而无装饰的高雅。
She is very lazy. She likes to sleep.
她非常懒，她喜欢睡觉。
She is wearing a silk scarf.
她佩戴着一条丝绸围巾。
She is--how shall I put it--not exactly fat, but rather well-built for her age.
她（该怎么说呢？）并不真正是胖，但就她年龄来说是比较壮实了一些。
She just charmed the very soul out of him.
她把他迷得魂不附体了。
She keeps nagging me; she's always on my back.
她唠唠叨叨地责骂我个没完。她总是在折磨我。
She kept up her spirits by singing.
她唱歌以保持高昂的情绪。
She knew the children were up to mischief.
她知道孩子们在做淘气的事情。
She knows a bargain when she sees one.
她有辨别便宜货的能力。
She laid it down as always true that"a fool and his money are soon parted".
她把一个傻瓜会很快地把钱花光或丢掉说成是永恒真理。
She leaned forward and whispered the news to him.
她探过身去，低声把消息告诉了他。
She led a rather hard life.
她过着相当艰苦的生活。
She left the sentence unfinished.
她把句子留下没有说完。
She lettered in three collegiate sports.
她在三次大学生体育竞赛中获得校名字母徽章
She likes Beethoven very much.
她很喜欢贝多芬的作品。
She likes to wipe the windows with a very soft cloth.
她喜欢用一块非常软的布擦窗子。
She lived three years here.
她在这儿住了三年。
She locked her arms about his neck.
她用手臂紧紧搂住他的脖子。
She looked at him with hate in her eyes.
她以憎恨的目光看着他。
She looked into his eyes and found them stony.
她窥视他的眼睛，发觉他的眼光冷酷无情。
She looks after800 sheep.
她看800只羊。
She lose all her money in stock exchange speculation.
她将所有的钱赔进了股票投机生意。
She loved me once, but that's all ancient history now.
她曾经爱过我，但现在已成往事。
She made a pile from her acting.
她靠演戏赚了一大笔钱。
She made him her assistant.
她委派他作自己的助手。
She made us all laugh with her zany tricks.
她那些滑稽的恶作剧逗得我们都大笑起来。
She makes eyes at the handsome young man.
她向那位英俊的小伙子送秋波。
She marries next month.
她下个月结婚。
She may very well prove to be on the up and up, but it pays to be careful. This burg is full of gold diggers, you know.
她这个人可能是很正直的，但是以小心谨慎为妙。你要知道，这个城里到处是以色相诱骗男人钱财的女子啊。
She mistake that stick for a snake.
她把小棍子错看成蛇了。
She muse have been beautiful and is still well-looked.
她以前想必很美，现在仍然很好看。
She need not go.
她不必去。
She never finished her song.
她没有唱完她的歌。
She never speak to him again from that day on.
她从那天以後就再也不和他说话了。
She offer a reward for the return of her lose bracelet.
她为寻回遗失的手镯提出以酬金答谢。
She often returns to her parents' home, knowing that her mother will always provide a shoulder to cry on.
她经常回父亲的家里，因为她知道母亲总是会给她以同情和慰藉的。
She opened the drawer and took out a pair of socks.
她拉开抽屉，拿出一双短袜。
She overstated her case, so we didn't believe her.
她把她的情况夸大了，所以我们没有相信她。
She paid no attention to him at all, as she passed with a plate, a knife and a cup.
当她拿着盘子、刀子和杯子走过时，完全没注意他。
She pampers her own spoiled children and brings Jane up as little better than a servant.
她对她那些被宠坏了的孩子娇生惯养，但对简则有如对待佣仆。
She patted down one or two unruly wisps of hair.
她理平了一两缕竖起来的头发。
She phones him religiously every day.
她每天照例给他打电话。
She pinned a white flower in her hair.
她在头发上别了一朵白花。
She played a major part in the success of the scheme.
她对该计画的成功起了重要作用。
She plighted herself to him under the oak-tree.
他们在栎树下山盟海誓，缔结了良缘
She posted through the mist, trying to find the right path.
她透过大雾观看，试图找到合适的小路。
She preached economy as the best means of solving the crisis.
她大力鼓吹节约是解决危机的关键。
She pretended not to notice.
她假装没有看见。
She proves that it is pure that herself is.
她证明她自己是清白的。
She put a dab of butter on the toast.
她在吐司上抹了一点黄油。
She put the books on the table.
她把书放在桌子上
She quavered an old folk song.
她以震颤声唱一首古老的民谣。
She ran her fingers nervously through her hair.
她紧张地用手指拢著头发。
She reach up and picked a pear off a branch.
她抬起手从一根枝上摘下一颗梨。
She really gave of her time to help. They give of themselves to improve the quality of education.
她确实抽出时间来帮忙。为了提高教育质量，他们奉献了自己
She reckoned she had cut her cost by half.
她估计她减少了一半的费用。
She refused to spend money in repairing the roof, and now the rain has ruined half her furniture—a plain example of penny wise.
她不肯花钱修屋顶，现在房子漏了，家具毁了一半—这是因小失大再明显不过的例子。
She remained in because of heavy rain.
她因下大雨而没有出去。
She rescued three children from a fire or something.
她从一起火灾之类的事故中救出了三个孩子。
She returned to her parents' home.
她回到她的父母家。
She rose to greet her guests.
她站起身迎接客人。
She rustled the unexpected guests up several dishes in less than half an hour.
她用了不到半个小时就为那几位突然来访的客人做了了好几样菜。
She said she knew little about Chinese music.
她说她对中国音乐几乎一无所知。
She said very little directly, but a great deal by implication.
她直接的话说了很少，但言外之意却很多。
She sang the title role in Carmen.
她在歌剧《卡门》中演唱卡门这一角色。
She sat the baby up and tried feeding him.
她让婴儿坐起来，试着喂他吃东西。
She saw me to the gate and said goodbye.
她把我送到大门口，说了声“再见”。
She says she is sorry, but her eyes betray her secret delight.
她说她很难过，但从她的眼神里却流露出她内心的喜悦。
She scraped along by taking in washing.
她在家替人洗衣服，以此勉强糊口度日。
She seamed the two pieces with thread and then her skirt is finished.
她用线把两片布缝起来，她的裙子这就算缝成了
She seemed to take pleasure in our suffering.
她似乎对我们的痛苦幸灾乐祸。
She seems worried.
她似乎很焦急。
She sent me a Christmas card last year.
去年寄过一张圣诞卡。
She set herself to finish her homework.
她竭力设法做完家庭作业。
She settled down in an armchair to read her book.
她舒适地坐在单座沙发上看书。
She shook her fist angrily.
她愤怒地挥动着拳头。
She shouted for joy.
她高兴得大声喊了起来。
She showed us to our seats.
她带我们去找到座位。
She sighed over my wasted life.
她为我虚度一生而痛惜。
She sings well, you sing better.
她歌唱得棒，你歌唱得更棒。
She sleeps by day and works by night.
她白天睡觉，夜间工作。
She slipped the ring from her finger.
她俐落地从手指上取下戒指。
She smothered the child with kisses.
她吻得小孩透不过气来。
She soon got the children ready for school.
她很快帮孩子做好上学的准备。
She speaks French perfectly.
她的法语讲得好极了。
She spends all her waking hours worrying about her job.
她只要醒著就一直为工作发愁。
She spent the afternoon pushing paper for her boss.
她用了整个下午的时间为她的老板整理文字材料
She spoke so clearly that we could hear every word.
她说得那般清楚，我们每个字都听得见。
She stalled for time to earn enough money to pay.
她拖延着，想挣够钱来付款。
She started off to school at a quarter to seven the next morning.
第二天早上6点3刻，她就动身去学校了。
She stepped on a loose stone and twisted her ankle.
她踩到一块松动的石头上，扭伤了脚踝。
She stirred sugar into her tea.
她把糖放入茶中搅拌。
She stood up readily.
她迅速地站了起来。
She struggled up from the chair.
她从椅子上使劲站了起来。
She suck up to him by agree with everything he say.
她巴结他，他说什么话她都同意。
She supposed she was destined for marrying him.
她认为命中注定要嫁给他的。
She swept her hair back with a comb.
她用梳子将头发往后梳。
She take a piece of paper and begin to write a letter.
她拿了一张纸，开始写起信来。
She talked on and on.
她滔滔不绝地谈个不停。
She tell him to clear up the mess he have make.
她要他清理好他弄得乱七八糟的东西。
She think she'll be back by1:00, but she's not sure.
她想她到1点钟以前会回来的，但她不能肯定。
She thinks they can get married on his earnings of only fifty pounds a week but she's living in a fool's paradise.
她以为他每周只要挣50英镑，他们就可以结婚，但她是陶醉在虚无缥渺的乐境之中而已。
She threw me a look of encouragement.
她向我投来鼓励的目光
She tint each flower in her painting a different color.
她将画里每一枝花都画成不同的颜色。
She told me to do the job anyway I wanted.
她告诉我用我喜欢的任何方式做那项工作。
She took a seat in the back and watched.
她在后排找了一个座位坐下看起来。
She took me on as her personal assistant but all I seem to do is fetch and carry for her.
她雇佣我为她的私人助理，但我似乎要做的一切是替她打杂。
She took up black humour for just one of her novels.
她只在一本小说中采用了黑色幽默的手法。
She traced her irrational fear of birds back to something which had happened to her as a child.
她从她童年的经历中找到了她对鸟类莫名恐惧感的原由。
She tried to buy time by doing a lot of talk.
她企图以滔滔不绝的谈话来拖延时间。
She tried to object, but the chairman slapped her down.
她想表示反对意见，但主席喝止住了她。
She tried to thrust some more clothes in the case, but there was no room.
她想再往箱子里面塞些衣服，可塞不进去了。
She tugged my ear.
她拉我的耳朵。
She turned mazy in horror at the sight of so much blood.
她一看见这么多血就立刻吓得转过脸去。
She typed the letter perfectly.
她打信准确无误。
She used to be terribly shy, but a year abroad have completely transform her
她过去十分　腆，但在国外呆了一年以後完全变了
She usually gets her best pupils into university.
她教的最好的学生通常都能考上大学。
She waited for her boyfriend.
她等她的男朋友。
She want some scotch tape, but he have not get any.
她想要一些透明胶带，但他没有。
She wanted to go, but he bullied her out of it.
她想去，可是他吓唬她不让她去。
She wants to change her appointment from Tuesday to Friday.
她想把她的约会从星期二改到星期五。
She was a literary woman.
她是一个女作家。
She was all in all to him.
她是他最心爱的人。
She was as afraid as anything when she heard noises in the dark empty house.
当她在漆黑的空房里听到响声时，她惊恐万分。
She was beyond all doubt the finest ballerina of her day.
她无疑是她那个时代最优秀的芭蕾舞演员。
She was certain that the young man had gone mad.
她确信那个年轻人已经发疯。
She was crushed with grief.
她因悲伤而崩溃了。
She was done out of her promotion.
她受人算计而未获提升。
She was enchanted by the flowers you sent her.
她非常喜欢你送给她的花。
She was from Henan, if I remember correctly.
她是河南人，如果我没记错的话。
She was hit by a piece of falling masonry.
她被建筑物上落下的一块石头砸着了。
She was influenced by her mother to accept it.
她受母亲的影响而接受它。
She was kind enough to lend me the book.
她真好，把书借给我看。
She was made to wait for over an hour.
她被迫等了一个小时。
She was not looked on anything before that.
在那之前她从没对任何事物着过迷。
She was only one day over the age limit so the organizers bent the rules and accepted her entry.
她仅超过年龄限制一天，因此组织者通融了一下，接受她入会。
She was possessed by the desire to be rich.
她被致富的欲望所支配。
She was roundly rebuked for what she had done.
她做出了这种事因而受到严厉的指责。
She was shocked sideways when she heard that she had failed the exam.
她听说自己考试不及格后感到十分震惊。
She was so satiated with bananas that she would not even look at one.
她已吃腻了香蕉，她甚至连看都不想看一眼。
She was struck dumb at the news.
那消息使她惊讶得说不出话来。
She was the handsomest woman of her day, and the cleverest, the nicest, the best of the whole boiling.
她是当时最端庄的女人，而且是当时一伙妇女中最聪明，最正派，最棒的一个。
She was torn between the two choice.
她在两项选择之间觉得无所适从。
She was very helpful in preparing my manuscript.
她在我撰写原稿时帮了大忙。
She was wearing someone else's coat.
她穿着一件别人的外衣。
She washed her clothes clean.
她把衣服洗干净了。
She wear a hat to keep the sun out of her eyes.
她戴上帽子遮阳，保护眼睛。
She welcome us with an artificial smile on her face.
她脸上挂着虚伪的笑容来欢迎我们。
She went out of the room in a huff.
她怒冲冲地走出了房间。
She went to the street with a large group of children at her tail.
她朝街上走去，后面跟着一大群孩子。
She whipped up a knife and faced the man bravely.
她抓起一把刀，毫不畏惧地对着这个男子。
She will buy him a cardigan if her son asks her to.
如果她儿子要求的话，她就给他买一件羊毛衫。
She will make necessary arrangements.
她会作好必要的准备。
She will sit there for hours, waiting for her son to come home.
她会在那儿一坐几钟头，等她的孩子回来。
She withdrew her eyes from me.
她把视线从我身上移开。
She won't deceive you.
她不会诓你的。
She wore a small silver cross on a chain round her neck.
她脖子上戴著项链，上面挂著个银的小十字架。
She worked out the problem with no difficulty.
她毫无困难地解决了这个问题。
She works with such enthusiasm as though she never knew fatigue.
她工作热情这么高，好象从不知道疲倦似的。
She would have made an excellent teacher.
她本可以成为杰出的教师。
She wound her way into his affection.
她用聪明的手段得到了他的爱情。
She writes local items betimes.
她有时写点地方性文章。
She'd do well in the exams if only her mind was put to her studies.
只要她肯专心学习，就会考出好成绩。
She'll give you the cue when you're to start.
到你开始的时候她会给你暗示的。
She's American to the core.
她是地地道道的美国人。
She's a good judge of wine.
她是鉴别酒的专家。
She's a regular beauty, isn't she?
她是个十足美人，可不是吗？
She's always carping at her husband.
她老是在找她丈夫的茬儿。
She's an ace at carving.
她是个雕刻能手。
She's been depressed since the break with her boy-friend.
她自从与男朋友断绝关系以来一直情绪消沉。
She's been strangely hanging up about meeting new people.
她与陌生人见面感到出奇地不自在。
She's counting on you to show movies to her friends.
她盼望着你为她的小朋友们放电影呢！
She's fucking rich.
她十分富有。
She's gone off with my book.
她拿走了我的书。
She's got dozens of boyfriends.
她的男朋友多极了。
She's hopelessly headstrong; she always gets up against people around her.
她任性得无要救药，老是同周围的人闹别扭。
She's just married this dishy man.
她刚嫁给这个有性感魅力的男人。
She's my better half.
她是我的贤内助。
She's not mop the floor.
她不是在拖地板。
She's only five she can't tell the time yet.
她才五岁－－还不会看表。
She's putting her new car up for sale.
她要把她的新车卖掉。
She's so wrap up in him that she can not see his fault.
她完全迷上了他，连他的缺点也看不见了。
She's tall, blonde, twenty-three and pure as the driven snow.
她２３岁，高个子，白肤金发碧眼，是个纯洁无瑕的姑娘。
She's unusually tall, as are both her parents.
她特别高，她父母也都那麽高。
She's very well, thank you.
她很好，谢谢您。
Sheer robbery!
太贵了！
Shells were rained on them, but no one thought of his own danger.
炮弹像雨点般落下来，但没有一个人想到个人安危。
Shipment has to be made before October, otherwise we are not able to catch the season.
十月份以前货必须装上船，否则我们就赶不上销售季节了。
Shipping permit
准装货单
Shiver my timbers! Have I really won first prize?
真见鬼啦！我还真的得了第一名？
Shopkeepers are beginning to feel the pinch because no one has a lot of money to spend these day.
店主们开始感到处境困难了，因为这些日子来没有人有很多钱买东西。
Short of calling a meeting, I don't know how we can get our plan approved.
如果不召开会议，我不知道我们的计划怎样能被批准。
Shot fired from a gun.
枪射出的子弹
Should he get up early?
他应当早起么？
Should you need help in completing the claim form he will be able to give it to you.
如果需要的话，史密斯先生可以协助阁下填妥索赔表格。
Show him the way to the station
告诉他到车站怎么走
Show, keep, break one's resolve
表现出、持有、改变决心
Showing or requiring courage and fortitude; bold.
显出或需要有勇气的和坚韧的；大胆的
Shut off the radio, please.
请把收音机关上。
Shut up! You're just talking nonsense.
住嘴！你简直胡说八道。
Sidebar
花絮新闻
Signal to the regiment for the attack to begin
向团部发出开始进攻的信号
Silk crushes easily.
丝绸很容易起皱。
Similarity of structure between organs or parts, possibly of dissimilar function, that are related by common descent.
同构发生，同源发生源于同一祖先，可能功能不同的器官或部分在结构上的相似
Simply speaking, we must just leave now.
简单地说，我们必须现在就走。
Since James had his leg broken, he walks dot and carry one.
自詹姆斯断腿后，他走路就一瘸一拐的了。
Since all your tender condition have prove most suitable, we have choose your tender.
由于贵公司的投标条件是最合理的，我们选中了贵公司的投标。
Since he stopped taking exercises, he has started to run to fat.
自从他停止锻炼起，他就开始发胖了。
Since it was mining heavily, my son drove us to the party.
因下大雨，儿子开车送我们去舞会。
Since our country was liberated, many power plants have been set up in all parts of the country.
自从我们的国家解放以来，在全国各地建起了许多发电厂。
Since the company's financial resources are depleted and the banks refuse to lend us any more money, we've come to the end of our tether.
公司的资金已消耗贻尽，各家银行又拒绝再向我们贷款，所以我们已经到了山穷水尽的地步。
Since then the picture has changed completely.
从那以来情况完全改变了。
Since we quarreled, he looks through me whenever we pass in the street.
我们吵过架后，每次我们在街上走过，他都装着没有看见我。
Since you have no time, you need not attend the tea party.
既然你没有工夫，你就不必参加茶会了。
Sing up, let's hear you.
大点声唱，让我们听听。
Sinner down, Kelly, no point of argue with him.
冷静些凯利，没有必要同他争论。
Sister ill money urgently needed
妹妹生病，急需用钱。
Sit still, my heart, do not raise your dust.
静静地坐着吧，我的心，不要扬起你的尘土。
Situated beyond or on the other side of the ocean.
大洋彼岸的位于海洋那一边或越过海洋的
Six John serves on the boards of several companies.
约翰爵士兼任好几家公司的董事。
Six teams competed in yesterday's relay race.
六个队参加了昨天的接力赛。
Ski Lessons
滑雪课
Skillful in the use of the hands.
灵巧的手的使用熟练的
Slap on an anti-inflation policy
实行反通货膨胀政策
Sleeping-pill
安眠药片
Slip off your shirt and I'll take your blood pressure.
快把衬衣脱了，我来量量你的血压。
Slowing gradually. Used chiefly as a direction.
渐慢地逐渐缓慢地。主要用作指挥
Small children are right to fear the night-- but it is shift- worker, not bogeyman, they shall be worried about.
小孩子害怕晚上是正常的－但是他们应该担心的是上夜班的工人，而不是怪物。
Small telescope attached to a larger one used for locating an object for observation
寻星镜（附加在大望远镜上便於寻找观察目标的小望远镜）
Smith always said he would quit, so they finally called his bluff.
史密斯总是说他要辞职不干，最后他们索性请他真的辞职。
Smith left his partner's bid in.
史密斯对他搭挡的叫牌不予回叫。
Smith would like to contract in on this project, if he may.
如果可能的话，史密斯愿意签订合同参加这项计划。
Smoke rats out of a barn
把老鼠从粮仓里熏出去
Smoking is my only vice.
抽烟是我唯一的恶习。
Snails are usually served in their shells.
蜗牛通常连壳被端上餐桌。
Snob talk as if they have beget their own ancestors.
小人大言不惭，简直把自己的祖宗也说成是他们生的了。
Snowstorm sweep the northern American state.
暴风雪席卷美国北部数州。
So I just take what I want.
那么我只拿我所需要的东西。
So Xiao Wang is going to leave, isn't she?
看来小王就要走了，是吧？
So do I. See you later. Keep in touch.
我也是，再见。记得联系哦。
So far science has not figured out how a man can tell what a woman is thinking by listening to what she is saying.
至今科学还没有搞出一个办法，怎样才可能使男人在听女人讲话时，了解她在想的是什么。
So has my portion been meted out to me.
我也分到了我的一份。
So live that you will not be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
所以你要过“把家里养的鹦鹉卖给街坊的三姑六婆也不至于害臊”的生活。
So many toy on sale here.
这里卖的玩具很多。
So she take it.
所以她要下那一件。
So the old fellow got round you and you gave him some money. He's clever, and he knows how to tell the tale.
看来那老头打动了你的心，你就给他一些钱。他真聪明，晓得怎样编造故事来博取别人的同情。
So trifling or trivial as to be beneath one's consideration.
微小的，微不足道的如此微小或琐碎的以至于不值得考虑的
So what are we arguing about?
那我们还争什么。
So you see I was right after all!
你看，毕竟还是我对吧！
So-so, thanks.
还过得去，谢谢。
Social injustice梐 breeder of revolutions.
社会不公正──革命的根源
Society where each class or level have a duty to serve the class above it.
每个阶级或等级上的人有为比它高一级的阶级或高一层次的人尽责任的社会。
Soft wood damages easily.
软木容易损坏。
Soldiers and nurses who were heroes in an unpopular war.
在一场不义战争中英雄式的战士与护士
Solemnity or dignity of manner.
严肃或庄严的举止
Some actors get their start in road shows.
有些演员是从巡回戏剧演出开始他们的演艺生涯的。
Some birds fly south to find good breeding-grounds.
有些鸟飞到南方去寻找适合产卵的地方。
Some capitalists squeeze profits from existing machinery.
一些资本家拚命利用现有设备增加利润。
Some computers can perform over a billion computation a second.
有些计算机一秒钟能完成超过十亿次运算。
Some different statistics have been bandied about, but these are the only accurate ones.
有人曾谈论到几个不同的统计数字，但只有这个才是惟一精确的。
Some fifty shares lie on his hands.
他还有50来股没脱手。
Some girl students are envious of Mary's slim figure very much.
有些女学生非常羡慕玛丽的苗条身材。
Some interesting questions came up at our discussion.
我们讨论时出现了一些有意思的问题。
Some men are old at sixty-five, others are still as lively as crickets in their nineties.
有些人到六十五岁就老了，可有些人九十多岁还非常活泼。
Some models are configurable for either type of output via internal dip switch or jumper.
一些MODELS可以通过内DIP开关或JUMPER进行两种形式的配置。
Some of his jokes were a bit near the bone.
他的有些笑话近乎下流。
Some of the employees are hand in glove with the security men at the gate and can walk out with things belonging to the company.
有些雇员与门口的保安人呐喊相勾结，因而他们可以将公司的东西偷出去。
Some of the old plays we had seen years before are revived on the stage.
我们多年前看过的旧戏中有几出重又上演了。
Some of the teachers and staff members board out.
有些住在学校的教职工在外搭伙。
Some of these college woman compete against other women from other colleges and some compete in national championships if they are very good.
这些女大学生常同其他大学的女生进行校际比赛，其中的佼佼者还可参加全国冠军赛。
Some old women and men grow bitter with age; the more their teeth drop out, the more biting they get.
有些老太婆与老头子，随着年岁而变得脾气暴戾——牙齿掉得越多，越发咬得入骨。
Some people annotate as they read.
有的人一面读书一面做注解。
Some people criticize the boss, but they're too mealy-mouthed to say so in her presence.
一些人批评老板，但是他们很虚伪，当着老板的面从不提这事。
Some people in small town do not like out-of-towny come to their town.
一些小城镇的居民不喜欢异乡人的到来。
Some people objected that the new tax law was unfair.
一些人反对说，新税法不公平。
Some people think that machinery is a threat to their job.
一些人认为机器是对他们工作的一种威胁。
Some plants grow in deep shade.
有些植物能够在阴暗中生长
Some reputed saints that have been canonized ought to have been cannonaded.
一些被列为“圣徒”的驰名的圣人，早就应该被炮轰掉的。
Some signs of improvement in her work
她工作有些改进的迹象
Some students are lazy, but others beat their brains and succeed.
有些学生很懒惰；另一些则勤动脑筋，因而学有所成。
Some time ago you told us that...
不久前贵方告知我方。。。
Some voters stormed out of the meeting place.
一些投票人愤然地离开了会场。
Some workers will probably be let out.
一些工人很可能要被解雇。
Somebody has finally bought one of my paintings—at least I've broken my duck!
终于有人购买了我的一幅画——我已至少突破了零的纪录！
Somebody opened the door and the candle blew out.
有人打开了门，蜡烛随之被吹灭了。
Somehow the engineers screwed up the entire construction project.
不知怎么搞的，工程师把整个工程计划弄得一塌糊涂。
Someone has to take up the cudgels for children's rights, as the children are helpless to do it themselves.
得有人为孩子们的权利进行有力的辩护，因为孩子们自己是无能为力的。
Someone nasty and ruthless has him by the short hairs.
有个心狠手毒的家伙在摆布他。
Someone turned the lion loose from its cage, and it has been wandering all over the town, Terrifying people.
狮子被人从笼子里放出来了，它一直在城里转来转去，把人们吓坏了。
Something added to another, more important thing; an appendage.
附属品加于另外的更重要的事物上的事物；附加物
Something causing severe pain or anguish.
引起剧烈的疼痛或痛苦的事物
Something deposited or given as security against an obligation; a pledge.
担保品为合同安全起见而抵押的物品；抵押品
Something expected; a possibility.
期待被期望的某物；可能性
Something good must be cooking; I get a whiff of it.
一定在做什麽好菜，我已闻到味道了。
Something imputed, ascribed, or attributed.
归罪的对象，责难的对象被归咎、责备或归因的事物
Something made of cork, especially a bottle stopper.
软木塞用软木做成的东西，尤指瓶塞
Something of no intrinsic remedial value that is used to appease or reassure another.
安慰的话，宽心的话某些没有内在补救作用的东西，仅仅用来安慰他人
Something possessing the capacity for growth or development.
有潜能的事物有生长或发展能力的事物
Something resembling a flame in motion, brilliance, intensity, or shape.
热情，激情在动态、亮度、强度或形态方面类似火焰的东西
Something small of its class.
小型物一个种类中的小型物
Something that closes or shuts.
封闭物，关闭物关闭或合上的某物
Something that escapes by leaking.
通过泄漏逃逸的东西
Something that honors or preserves the memory of another.
纪念对另一事进行纪念或保存记忆的某事
Something that is drained off.
排走物被排走的东西
Something that joins or connects two things together; a link.
连接物把两件东西连接在一起的东西；连接物
Something that remains perennially fresh, interesting, or well liked.
经久不衰的事物常新的、百看不厌的或永保美名的事物
Something that supports weight.
支撑物支撑重量的东西
Something used for securing or binding.
绳，绳索固定或捆绑用的东西
Something worthy of imitation.
榜样值得模仿的东西
Something, such as a cloud of dust, that whirls or is whirled.
旋转物旋转的或被旋转的物体，如一团灰尘
Something, such as a line, a plane, or an object, that is horizontal.
水平物水平的物体（例如水平直线，水平面线或水平物）
Something, such as a ship or train, used for carrying or supplying coal.
运煤船，运煤车用于装运或供应煤的工具，例如轮船或火车
Something, such as an article of clothing, that is passed on from one person to another.
用旧的东西由一个人传给另一个人的物品，如衣服之类的一些东西
Somethings gone amiss, he's not here to meet us.
准是出了什和差错，他没来这里接我们。
Sometimes he went after these herbs at the risk of his life.
有时他得冒生命危险来找这些草药。
Sometimes they played bridge together.
有时他们在一起打桥牌。
Somewhat yellow; tinged with yellow.
淡黄色的；微带黄色的
Soon after the loss was discovered a warrant was sworn out for the embezzler's arrest.
一发现亏损，就立即提出指控而获得了逮捕令逮捕那用公款的人。
Soon she got over.
她不久便缓过来了。
Soon they had to turn back.
不久他们就不得不往回走了。
Sophia has it all over Olivia in looks and charm.
索菲娅的长相和魅力都胜过奥利维亚。
Sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
这样麻烦您，真是不安。
Sorry, I can't come just yet.
对不起，现在我不能来。
Sorry, I haven't the faintest idea where the Public Library is.
对不起，我根本不知道公共图书馆在哪里。
Sorry, but father is resting now.
抱歉，现在父亲正在睡。
Sorry, exercise circle is sold out.
对不起，健身圈卖完了。
Sorry, that's not right.
对不起，那不对。
Sorry, you can't come in.
对不起，你不能进来。
Sound love is not soon forgotten.
坚固的爱情不会顷刻忘怀。
Souse fish used to be one of her favorite dish.
腌鱼曾经是她最喜欢吃的菜之一。
Spaceship make it possible to travel to the moon.
宇宙飞船使去月球旅行成为可能。
Spasmodic winking caused by the involuntary contraction of an eyelid muscle.
脸痉挛由于眼睑肌肉偶然挛缩而引起的痉挛性眨眼
Speak truth and shame the devil.
讲真话魔鬼也羞惭。
Special activity is designed in the hospital to meet the needs of subnormal.
医院为满足弱智者的需要而设计了特殊的活动。
Speech between two or more persons; conversation.
对话两个或更多人之间的言语；会话
Spend the weekend at home
在家中度过星期六和星期日
Spin out a project indefinitely
无限期地延长一项工程
Spoke for all the members.
代表全体成员发言
Sponge up the milk on the table.
用海绵把桌上的牛奶吸掉了。
Spread a bit of this cream on your face and rub evenly for a while. It can smooth away wrinkles if you persist.
取本面霜少许搽于脸部，并均匀地按摩片刻，长期使用本品能消除皱纹。
Spring has gone and summer is here.
春天已逝去，夏天已经来临。
Spunk up before the public at least.
至少你要在公众面前打起精神来。·
St. George's cross.
白底红色的正十字形。
Stand against invaders
抵御入侵者。
Stand out
引人注目
Standing on die roof of die building, I saw his car around me comer of me building.
站在楼顶上，我看见他的汽车停在大楼的拐角那儿。
Started at the loud noise.
被那响亮的吵闹声惊起
State and local government.
州政府及地方政府
State you have no opinion
表示你没有意见
Stay a day over.
待到一天结束
Steadfast in purpose, loyalty, or affection; faithful.
坚定在目的、忠诚或感情上坚定不移的；忠诚的
Steel is made from iron.
钢是用生铁炼成的。
Step into the house while you're waiting.
你既然在等候，那就请进屋去吧。
Steps cut into the thickness of the wall
在墙的横断面凿出的台阶
Stick a stamp on the letter.
给这封信贴上邮票。
Sticking to but not fused with a part or an organ of the same kind.
附着的与同类的部分或组织粘着但不融合的
Stimulation of the mind or emotions to a high level of feeling or activity.
鼓舞使人的心灵或情感受到刺激而达到更高层次情感和行动的东西
Stolen fruit is sweet.
偷的果子格外甜。
Stop bothering your head about it.
别再为这件事伤脑筋。
Stop floundering about and think of something to do.
别到处晃来晃去的，想点儿事做。
Stop him whisking the remains of the meal.
别让他突然把剩下的饭菜带走了。
Stop moaning; you really have nothing to complain about.
不要再抱怨了，实际上你是没有什么事可抱怨的。
Stop pushing me around! I'm quite able to make my own decisions!
别再支配我了！我完全能够自己做主！
Stop these boys prodding their sticks at that poor dog!
孩子们不要用棍子戳那条可怜的狗！
Stopped by on the off chance that they're home.
停下车看看，既使他们在家的可能性很小
Storm-bound ships in harbour
被暴风雨困於港湾的船只
Strangely, I've never seen that television show before.
奇怪的是，我以前从来没有看到过那个电视节目。
Street... turn right... ok.
街道……右转……知道了。
Strict regulations that paralyze economic activity.
阻碍经济活动的严格的规章制度
String beans belong to the pea family.
菜豆属于豌豆属植物。
Strong and firm in construction; able to support weight or resist pressure; substantial
坚固的；结实的；可支撑重物的；耐压的；实在的
Strongly built; burly.
结实的；强壮的
Stubborn and intractable; recalcitrant.
执拗的顽固和不受影响的；执拗的
Students growing up from nursery school to college have trouble dealing with realities.
从幼儿园到大学的大学生在如何应付现实生活上都存在困难。
Study all sides of a question
研究一问题的各个方面
Styled with distinctively rounded edges so as to reduce wind drag and thereby increase fuel efficiency. Used especially of automobiles and vans.
流线型的具有独特圆边款式以减少风阻从而提高燃料效率的，用以特指汽车或轻型汽车的款式
Submit the revision of a novel for publication
送交小说的修订本准备出版
Success is not achieved without sweat.
不流汗水就不会获得成功。
Such a death sentence is bad law.
这样的死刑判决是违背法律的。
Such a notorious person has got to the top of the company. That's more than I bargained for.
这样一个臭名昭著的家伙竟然登上了公司最高层。这个我可没料到。
Such a thing is so ridiculously simple that few students or adults, for that matter-have ever thought of it.
这种事情到了可笑的地步，对于这一点，很小有学生或成人考虑过它。
Such an argument does not prevail with us.
这样的论据不足以说服我们。
Such being the case, we were very lucky to have a house of our own.
情况既然如此，我们能有一幢自己的房子就算很幸运了。
Such desires can have no place in a good heart.
心地善良的人不会有这样的欲望。
Such idea verges on dangerous thought.
这种念头近乎是危险的思想。
Such people are bound to trip and fall.
这样的是没有不摔跟头的。
Such questions are to be avoided.
这种问题应当避免提。
Such treachery should be repaid in specie.
对这种奸诈应以同样的方式加以回报。
Suddenly I felt someone tapping me on the shoulder.
突然，我感到有人轻轻地拍我的肩膀。
Suddenly one of the girls jerked her hand up, she was daring to offer an answer.
突然，有一个女孩子冒失地举起手，她竟然给出答案。
Suddenly the motor kicked on, when I had almost given up hope.
我几乎不抱什么希望了的时候，马达突然运转起来。
Suddenly, the numbers stopped changing.
突然，那些数字停止了变换。
Sufficient to satisfy a requirement or meet a need.
足够的足以满足要求或需求的
Suggestive of or resembling a wolf.
似狼的使人想起狼的或像狼的
Suitable; appropriate; fitting
适合的；适当的；适宜的
Summer temperatures reached an all-time high.
夏天气温达到有史以来最高峰
Sundays fly by like lightning.
星期天稍纵即逝。
Superior quality
优等的质量
Support your local theatre: buy tickets regularly!
请大力支持本地剧院，欢迎经常光临！
Suppose you ask a guy where he's from and with a deep southern drawl he tell you he's from New York.
例如你问某人是哪儿人，他会拖着深沉的南方长音告诉你说他是纽约人。
Sure enough, she'll let you down sooner or later.
无疑，她早早晚晚会抛弃你的。
Sure. Could you hand me those scissors?
当然。你能把剪子递给我吗？
Surely nothing could be going on there so late at night.
这样深更半夜肯定那儿不可能有什么活动。
Surely you can take up the hem.
你可以把折边收起一点，这没问题吧。
Surgery on any part of the nervous system.
神经外科学神经系统中任何部分的外科学
Surgical shortening or reshaping of the nose.
鼻部整形术外科手术中鼻子的整形或截短
Survive, thanks.
勉强凑合，谢谢。
Susan is going to finish college.
苏珊将完成大学学业。
Susan, the guests will be here in an hour, will you lay the table for lunch?
苏珊，再过一个小时客人就会到这里了，你把饭桌摆起来，好吗？
Swallow a glass of beer at one gulp.
一囗气喝下一杯啤酒。
Sweet fancies flitted through his mind.
甜蜜的幻想掠过他的脑际。
Swiss sculptor, painter, and exponent of surrealism who is best known for his elongated sculptures of human figures, such as Walking Man(1960).
贾科尼亚特提，阿尔贝托1901－1966瑞士雕刻家、画家、超现实主义者，他最著名的是他对人体外形的拉长的雕刻，如行走的人（1960年）
Sympathy and sorrow aroused by the misfortune or suffering of another.
同情，怜悯对他人所受的不幸或遭遇产生的同情和悲哀
Tact and skill in dealing with people.
交际手段与人来往的技巧与技能
Take a glance of...
对。。。匆匆一看，一瞥
Take a west-bind bus to the exhibition centre.
你坐一辆向西走的车去展览馆。
Take care not to be bitten by the bees.
小心不要被蜜蜂螫到。
Take care.
留神！
Take heed of my advice.
留意我的忠告。
Take me swimming, Uncle Jack!
带我游泳去，杰克叔叔！
Take one of these pill three times a day.
这些药片每日三片，每次一片。
Take the case of television, it have a very bad influence on people.
以电视为例，它对人们有着很坏的影响。
Take the same number bus in the opposite direction, and change to a No.7 bus.
乘方向相反的同一路公共汽车，现换7路公共汽车。
Take this empty box away and bring me a full one.
把这个空盒子拿走，给我拿个满的来。
Take warning.
记住我的警告。
Take...days off
休息……几天
Taking place, done, or given beforehand; prior.
在先的，居先的提前发生、做或给予的
Talk poured from him in a jet.
他口若悬河般地谈着。
Talking over the game
打牌时的谈话
Taro finally came to the conclusion that he should be aggressive in order to survive in the American society.
塔罗终于得出结论，他要在美国社会生存下去就必须有股冲劲。
Tax official: How long have you been in china?
税务局：在中国呆多长时间了？
Tax official: yes, it is.
税务局：可以。
Taxpayer: I do not understand it.
纳税人：我没听明白。
Taxpayer: it looks like beneficial that we move towards the formal equity joint venture.
纳税人：看起来朝着组建正规的股份公司比较有利。
Taylor, the capitalist, used to play down to most of his employees.
资本家泰勒对他的大部分雇员经常故意装得态度谦逊，企图赢得他们的好感。
Teacher likens poet to the bird.
老师把诗人比作鸟。
Teaching is all right to you, but it wouldn't suit me at all.
教书对你不合适，可对我绝对不行。
Tears dropped on the letter she was reading.
眼泪滴在她正在念的那封信上。
Technical instructor
技术指导讲师
Ted took up a position of hostility.
特德采取了敌对的态度。
Telephone me back when you know that answer.
你知道答案后就给我回个电话。
Television stations around the world are linked by satellite.
全世界的电视台通过卫星联系一起。
Tell her the whole story.
把全部情况告诉她。
Tell lies! That is, spin a yarn; well I can do that.
撒谎么！那就是编一个故事嘛，我也能够来一下子。
Tell me straight out, will I ever recover?
坦率地告诉我，我还会康复吗？
Tell me what you think or have you lost your tongue?
告诉我你的想法－－是否你有口难言？
Tell no one of the secret that has passed between us.
不要把我们两人之间所说的这个秘密告诉任何人。
Tell the driver to step on it--we don't want to be late.
告诉司机开快些，我们可不想迟到。
Tell those student never smoke in the classroom.
告诉那些学生切不可在教室里吸烟。
Temperance is the best physic.
节欲是灵丹妙药。
Ten dollars' worth of natural gas; wanted their money's worth.
值十美元的天然气；需要它们的货币价值
Tending or likely to forget.
健忘的倾向于或似乎忘记的
Tending to flop; loose and flexible.
松垂的，软弱的要摔落的；松散的和柔软的
Tending, serving, or able to combine.
结合性的准备、用于或者能够结合的
Terrible experiences in childhood at last drove her crazy, and she had to be kept in a special hospital.
儿时的可怕经历最终使她疯了，于是她只好被关在一所特殊医院里。
Terrorists were responsible for the bomb explosion.
恐怖分子是这次爆炸事件的罪魁祸首。
Thailand is on the west of Laos.
泰国在老挝的西面。
Thank heavens for that.
这事真是谢天谢地。
Thank you for coordinating a fun event, saving me from sad goodbyes and teary speeches.
谢谢你组织了这样一个欢乐的活动，为我们免去了道别者的哀伤和演说者的眼泪。
Thank you for the book you sent me through Hu Lan.
谢谢你请胡兰转寄给我的书。
Thank you for your gift and kindness.
谢谢您的赠礼和祝贺。
Thank you so much for come.
非常感谢你的光临。
Thank you, I'll be careful.
谢谢，我一定小心。
Thank you. And I wish you the same!
谢谢你。我也同样祝愿你！
Thank you. Would you excuse me for a moment, please, gentlemen?
谢谢你。各位先生，请原谅我离开一会儿。
Thanks again. It really is very kind of you to invite us.
再一次感谢您邀请我们，实在太好了。
Thanks for the advice, but this is something I have to figure out myself.
谢谢您的忠告，但这是我必须自己弄明白的事情。
Thanks for your vote of confidence.
谢谢你对我的支持。
Thanks to your tireless efforts on our behalf
多亏你为我们所做的不懈努力
Thanks. You too, Andrew, bye.
谢谢。周末愉快，安德鲁，再见。
That accounts for the delay of the train.
那就是火车迟点的原因。
That ball depart outside the goal.
那球飞出了球门的外边。
That boat was built for racing—it goes like a bird!
那艘船是特为比赛而造的——它开起来快极了。
That boy can spell out the Chinese for the fast time.
那个小男孩第一次会将汉字慢慢地读出来。
That boy, running round the corner, nearly pushed the old lady over.
那个男孩跑着拐弯，差点撞倒了那位老妇人。
That can be believed.
这是可信的。
That car is a real honey.
那部车子真的很棒。
That child has broken wind.
那个孩子放了个屁。
That color will not show dirt.
那颜色不会看得出脏来。
That country has changed over from military to democratic rule.
那个国家已由军事统治转变为民主治理。
That department store sells goods of every description.
那个百货商店出售各种各样的商品。
That does not concern her.
那与她不相干。
That dress is so ugly I wouldn't be seen dead in it.
那件连衣裙真难看，我宁死也不穿
That event was inconceivable to us.
那事件是我们所想像不到的。
That fellow was so haughty that I was obliged to set him down.
那家伙是如此傲慢无礼，我不得不训斥他一顿。
That food is a great delicacy.
那种食品堪称上等美食。
That girl whose father is martyr studies very hard.
父亲是烈士的那个女孩学习非常刻苦。
That guy have good karma, so the girls just like to spend time with him.
那男孩有好运，所以女孩们都喜欢跟他在一起。
That has spoilt our plans
那打乱了我们的计画；那就糟了
That horse is a cinch to win the next race.
那匹马在下一场比赛中肯定赢。
That idiot of a driver.
那个白痴司机
That is a civil case.
那是一桩民事诉讼。
That is a portrait at length.
那是一张全身画像。
That is good or what is needed
这就对啦；这才是需要的
That is not so bad, considering(the circumstances).
照（实情）说，那还算不错（从多方面说来，还过得去）。
That is the funniest thing on earth.
那是最滑稽的事情了。
That is what is meant by"failure is the mother of success"
＂失败是成功之母＂就是这个意思。
That is why the machine parts were wearing away during use.
那就是机器零件在使用过程中磨损的原因。
That job kept John on his toes.
那项工作约翰忙个不停。
That last goal was a beauty.
最後进去的那个球真漂亮。
That little boy delights to tease cats.
那个小男孩喜欢逗弄猫。
That make a lot of sense.
这倒很不道理。
That man was Copernicus, and the great book setting down his thoughts was printed in1543, in the last months of his life.
那个人就是哥白尼。那部阐述他的思想的伟大著作于1543年，他逝世前几个月发表了。
That may be wrong.
那可能是错的。
That money is due to me, but I have not got it yet.
那笔钱是应付给我的，而我至今还未拿到。
That nasty shock cured him of his inquisitiveness for ever.
那一沉重教训根除了他凡事爱打听的毛病。
That new popular singer is a big draw.
那位新流行歌手很能吸引听众。
That night we put up in a peasant's home.
那天晚上我们住在一个农民的家里。
That old lady is very nosy, so nobody likes to talk to her.
那个老妇人是个包打听，因此没有人喜欢跟她说话。
That one of the easiest and quickest ways to get ahead is by consciously building up your knowledge of words.
最简洁而又最迅速的改进方法之一就是有意识地扩大你的词汇知识。
That pearl is above price.
那颗珍珠是无价之宝。
That play screens badly.
那个剧本不适于拍电影。
That problem has beaten me.
那个问题把我难住了。
That really ticks me off!
这确实使我很恼怒！
That reporter has a nose for news.
那位新闻记者对新闻特别敏感。
That scientist--- whose work is very important--- has been made a knight.
那位科学家－－－他的工作非常重要－－－被封为爵士。
That shoot was really something.
那次射门的确漂亮。
That small loaf won't go far among this large family!
那一小条面包全家人吃不了多久的。
That sounds a very good idea.
这个主意听上去挺不错。
That station goes off the air at midnight.
那电台每天晚上12点停止广播。
That student is going to have to get a move on if he wants to pass his finals.
这个学生要想通过期终考试就必须得加把劲。
That tall actor is a dishy man.
那个高大的演员是个有性感魅力的男人。
That the Sermon on the Mount contains the sum and substance of Christianity.
耶稣登山训众论福所讲的一切包含了基督教的精义。
That train get there at6 o'clock.
那次列车6点抵达那儿。
That wall blocks out all the light.
那堵墙把光线都遮住了。
That was a small business, but it was wisely managed, and it kept out of the hole.
虽然这是个小店，可是它经营得法，从不亏空。
That was just an excuse. I wanted to get back early, and I said the first thing that came into my mind.
那仅是借口。我想早点回家，就慌不择言，想到什么就说了什么。
That was the only work to be had at this time of the year.
这是这个季节唯一能找到的工作。
That which is gathered or amassed; a collection or an accumulation.
收集物被收集或聚集的东西；一种收集物或获得物
That will do+[1].
够了，行了。
That will waken him.
这会闹醒他的。
That won't do. We must think of something better.
那办法行不通，我们得想出一个更好的办法。
That year we passed away July and August in the mountains collecting medicinal.
那一年我们在山中采草药度过了七、，八月。
That'll be great, I am sure.
我确信那将非常好。
That's a clever hit.
这是一句巧妙的俏皮话。
That's a good idea.
这个主意真不错。
That's a little too high.
价格减得太多了一些。
That's a real let down.
这真叫人失望。
That's about the size of it.
实际情况大概是那样的。
That's all very well, but is not it a bit too imaginative?
这都很好，但是不是有点太富想象了吗？
That's beautiful leather wallet(purse), but it costs too much.
那是一种很漂亮的钱夹（wallet男用，purse女用），但价钱太贵了。
That's exactly what I were thinking.
这同我的原来的想法不谋而合。
That's her blouse.
那是她的短衫。
That's just what I am going to propose.
我也正想提出这个建议。
That's my business. I can contradict myself to hell and gone if I feel like it.
这是我的事。只我愿意，我可以辈子自相矛盾下去。
That's not a diamond! If that's a diamond, I'm a Dutchman.
那不是钻石！如果那是钻石我就不是人。
That's one good reason why he's your boss.
这是他为什么会成为你老板的一个重要原因。
That's quite all right, isn't it?
那很正常，不是吗？
That's sensational!
那好极了！
That's the boy!
好样的！
That's the sort of thing modern play being all about.
那是现代戏剧所要表现的那种东西。
That's too bad. She's still studying in Paris, isn't she?
那真糟糕。她不是在巴黎读书吗？
That's very popular now all over the world.
（网上购物）它在全球可谓非常普及了。
That's what he says now;but you'll find he's changed his tune.
这是他现在的说法，但你会发现他的调子已发生变化。
That's where your mistakes come in.
那就是你的错误所在。
That, I should say, is true.
那大概是事实吧。
The American public stopped supporting the war in Vietnam.
美国公众不再支持美国在越南进行的战争了。
The Aswan Dam helps to control the River Nile in Egypt.
阿斯旺水坝有助于控制埃及的尼罗河水。
The Bill of Rights safeguards our individual liberties.
权力法案保护我们的个人自由。
The British is said to have an unusual sense of humour.
据说英国人有一种特殊的幽默感。
The Chairman called the meeting to order,
主席让大家保持会场秩序。
The Chinese people have become masters of their country.
中国人民变成了他们国家的主人。
The City reacted sharply to the fall in oil prices.
伦敦商业区对油价下跌反应强烈。
The Conservatives swept into power in the election of last year.
保守党人在去年选举中赢得绝对多数的选票而重新执政。
The Democratic candidate nosed out his rival for Congress by a few hundred votes.
这个民主党国会议员候选人以几百票之差击败了对手。
The Dutch have taken Holland.
老话！并非新奇！
The English drink a lot of beer.
英国人啤酒喝得很多。
The Enterprise was again steered more off the wind.
“企业号”又朝着更加顺风的方向行驶了。
The French Republic
法国；法兰西共和国
The Government had intended to limit the wage increases of all workers to a reasonable amount, but several trade unions got a march on them by receiving very large increases before the new laws came into existence.
政府部门本来打算把所有工人的加薪幅度限制在一个合理的水平上，但是几个行业工会抢先一步，在新的法规出台之前就获得了大幅度的加薪。
The Green Bank telescope in West Virginia has been specially designed to distinguish between random signals and signals which might be in code.
西弗吉尼亚州的格林·班克望远镜是专门为区分随机信号与或许是电码信号而专门设计的。
The Indian guided the explorers.
那印地安人引导探险队。
The Islamic Federal Republic of the Comoros
科摩罗伊斯兰联邦共和国
The Japanese yen hit an all-time high last week on the money market.
日元上周在货币市场上达到历史最高点。
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
沙特阿拉伯王国
The London bus departs every hour on the hour.
伦敦的公共汽车每小时零分开出一趟。
The Mayor is largely responsible for this town being the most wide open in the country.
这个城市违法活动大开绿灯的现象是全国最严重的，对此市长要负主要责任。
The Mormon's religion is singular, and his wives are plural.
摩门教信徒的宗教信仰是读一无二的，而他可以拥有三妻五妾。
The Negro prisoner was forced to wear a ball and chain attached to one of his ankles.
那个黑人囚犯被迫在一只脚上带上了系有铁球的脚链。
The October Revolution was a turning-point in human history.
十月革命是人类历史的一个转折点。
The Parliament was slowly, but constantly gaining ground on the prerogatives.
议会缓慢地，但却是不断地侵犯着这种特权。
The Philippines were ceded to the United States by Spain.
西班牙把菲律宾群岛割让给美国。．
The President coming to visit our country was welcomed in a big way.
这位来我国访问的总统受到了隆重的欢迎。
The Prime Minister said that if Parliament went against him on the crucial issue of our joining the Common Market, he would be forced to go to the country.
首相说，如果议会在我们参加共同市场这一重大问题上反对他，那他只得被迫解散议会，进行大选。
The Queen pain homage to the victims of two world wars by laying a wreath on the Cenotaph.
女王向纪念碑了献花圈，以此向两次世界大战这中的牺牲者们表示敬意。
The Republic of Austria
奥地利共和国
The Republic of Maldives
马尔代夫共和国
The Right Honourable James Smith, Foreign Secretary
外交大臣詹姆斯·史密斯阁下
The Rwandese Republic
卢旺达共和国
The Slavic language of modern Macedonia, closely related to Bulgarian.
斯拉夫语现代马其顿的斯拉夫语，与保加利亚语有密切联系
The Socialist candidate has been well primed with facts by the Party headquarters.
社会党的候选人已由该党总部供给了充足的事实材料。
The Sunni compose about90 per cent of present-day Islam.
目前回教百分之九十属於正统派。
The Turkic language of Azerbaijan.
阿塞拜疆语阿塞拜疆的土耳其语
The Very Reverend Jane Smith.
受人尊敬的简·史密斯
The West Germanic language of the Flemings.
佛莱芒语佛莱芒人使用的西日耳曼语
The ability or art of divining information about people or events associated with an object solely by touching or being near to it.
触物占卜术通过触摸或靠近一个物体来预测与该物相关联的人或事件的情况的能力或技艺
The above definition is set in roman; this example is in italics.
上面的定义用的是正体字排印的，本例句用的是斜体。
The acceleration is positive if the speed is increased, negative if speed is decreased.
速度增加的加速度为正加速度，速度减少的加速度为负加速度。
The accident is a salutary reminder of the danger of climbing.
这一事故有益的一面是提醒了我们攀登活动是有许多危险的。
The accident soured me on driving.
那次意外事故使我变得讨厌开车。
The account carries interest of4%.
该存款有4％的利息。
The accused had thrown dust in the eyes of the police by giving them a false alibi.
被告向警方提拱伪证，以此转移了他们的视线。
The acoustics of the hall are so good that you can hear everything even from the cheapest seats.
这座会堂的音响效果极佳，连最便宜的座位也能听得一清二楚。
The act of advertising.
做广告做广告的行为
The act of assigning absolute addresses to a program.
将绝对地址分配给某个程序的操作过程。
The act of chasing; pursuit.
追赶，追逐追赶的行为；追逐
The act of contracting or the state of being contracted.
收缩收缩的行为或被缩小（短）的状态
The act of delegating.
代表的委派，代表的选举
The act of distracting or the condition of being distracted.
思想不集中，分心注意力分散的行为或状态
The act of entering a building or other premises with the intent to commit theft.
盗窃行为进入建筑物或其它房屋内企图偷窃的行为
The act of flying; flight.
飞飞的动作；飞翔
The act of imbibing.
吸收，吸取吸收的动作
The act of inviting.
邀请邀请的行为
The act of listening.
听倾听的行为
The act of murdering one's father.
杀父杀害自己父亲的行为
The act of passing; passage.
经过经过的行为；通过
The act of prompting or giving a cue.
提醒，暗示提醒或给予暗示的行为
The act of representing with figures.
图案表现法用图象表达的行为
The act of suspending the sentence of a person convicted of a criminal offense and granting that person provisional freedom on the promise of good behavior.
缓刑对已被认定犯有某罪的人实行暂缓执行其刑罚，并在其保证良好行为的基础上给予暂时的自由
The act of twisting or turning.
弯曲弯曲或扭转的动作
The act of yawning.
打哈欠打哈欠的动作
The act or an instance of cleansing or purifying.
净化洗涤或净化的行为或情况
The act or an instance of estimating.
评价，评估评价的行为或情况
The act or an instance of giving something away, especially the appropriation of natural resources or public lands for private gain.
让渡，转让送出某种东西的动作或例子，尤指为了个人利益占用自然资源或公共的土地
The act or an instance of locking.
上锁上锁的动作或上锁的一瞬时
The act or an instance of plunging.
投入，陷入投入、陷入等的行为或事例
The act or an instance of turning off.
关闭，断开关闭、关掉或断开的行为或事例
The act or custom of keeping or celebrating a holiday or other ritual occasion.
施行习惯性礼拜保持或庆贺节日和其它礼仪仪式的行为或习俗
The act or practice of cooperating.
合作合作的行为或实践
The act or process of applying a fertilizer.
施肥，肥沃化施肥的行动或过程
The act or process of compressing.
压缩压缩的过程或行为
The act or process of dictating material to another for transcription.
口述口授材料供另一个人笔录的行为或过程
The act or process of forming bubbles.
形成水泡形成水泡的行为或过程
The act or process of interpreting.
解释解释的行为或过程
The act or process of multiplying or the condition of being multiplied.
增加增加的行为或过程或者被增加的情况
The act or process of rising.
上升，起立，起床上升的动作或过程
The act or profession of being a model.
模型作模型或模特的行为或过程
The act, fact, or state of agreeing or conforming.
和谐和谐一致的行为、事实或状态
The act, process, or result of calculating.
计算计算的行为、操作或结果
The actions taken to implement protocols.
为实现协议而采取的动作。
The actor is really ham it up to amuse the audience.
这些演员为博观众一粲，表演得实在太过火了。
The actors played out the tragedy and the curtain came down.
演员们演完了这场悲剧，幕落下来。
The actual cost may run out at rather more than we originally expected.
实际上的花费算下来可能要比我们起初所希望的多得多。
The admiral have write a book about his experience on the sea.
这位海军上将写了一本有关他海上阅历的书。
The advice fell on deaf ears.
这个忠告没有受到注意。
The aged is taken care of in the old folks home.
老年人在养老院里受到照顾。
The aging football player was playing on the skids.
那个上了年纪的足球运动员很明显地在走下坡路。
The ailing old man kept puffing out a"Thank you" as I supported him home.
当我扶着那个有病的老人回家时，他不断气吁吁地说“谢谢你”。
The air is loaded with smoke and dirt.
空气里弥漫着烟雾和尘埃。
The airline has checked his luggage out.
航空公司已把他的行李运走了。
The airport is closed by fog.
机场被大雾笼罩着。
The allotment was made on Sunday.
星期日已经分配了。
The amount of a claim on an insurer by an insured.
险损赔偿额保险人从承保人获得的赔偿数量
The amount of work that a machine produces or can produce in a specified time period.
作业量一台机器在一特定时间内生产或能生产的工作量
The amount that you have to pay to the National Health Insurance is usually stopped from you wages.
向国民健康保险所付的款项一般是预先从每个人的工资中扣除的。
The ancient Greek dialect of Attica, in which the bulk of classical Greek literature is written.
雅加地语阿提卡的古希腊方言，绝大多数古希腊文学用该语书写
The angler reeled out his fishing line.
渔人放出线轮上的钓丝。
The angular distance north or south of the earth's equator, measured in degrees along a meridian, as on a map or globe.
纬度地球赤道北或南的角距离，例如在地图或地球仪上沿着子午线用度数测量
The annual budget of that company continues to show a deficit this year. It will go out of business because it is always in the red.
那家公司的今年年度预算出现亏损。因为公司时常出现赤字，不久将会关闭。
The antagonistic association between an organism and the metabolic substances produced by another.
对抗作用一个生物和另一种生物新陈代谢物之间的对抗性关系
The appeal court reject the appeal on a technicality.
上诉法院驳回了对法律条文特别解释问题的上诉。
The apples are all.
苹果全吃完了
The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties.
仲裁裁决应是终局裁决，对双方均有约束力。
The area code for central London is0171.
伦敦中心的电话区号为0171。
The area of this restaurant is3, 400 square feet.
这个餐馆占地面积为3400平方英尺。
The armament of any of the great power can destroy civilization.
任何大国的军事力量都能摧毁文明世界。
The army ravaged the whole town.
军队掠夺了整个城镇。
The aroma of roasting coffee beans.
烘焙咖啡豆的香味。
The arrival of the national football team hit the headlines in the local press.
国家足球队的到来成为当地报纸的头条新闻。
The art of creating such representations.
漫画手法创造漫画或讽刺文章的艺术
The art of taxation consists in so plucking the goose as to obtain the largest amount of feathers with the least amount of hissing.
抽税的本领在于：从鹅身上拔下最大限度的毛，而只让它发出最低限度的嘶嘶声。
The art or process of printing color pictures from a series of stone or zinc plates by lithography.
彩色平板印刷术用一系列石板或锌板做平板来印刷彩画的技术或过程
The art, sport, or skill of shooting with a bow and arrow.
射箭运动员，弓箭手用弓箭射击的技艺、运动或技巧
The article is rather technical in places.
这篇论文中有些地方相当专业化。
The artist is commissioned to paint a picture for the hall.
这位艺术家受委托为这个大厅作一幅画。
The asking price is24, 000.
（卖方）索价为2。4万英镑。
The assistants observed carefully how the bacteria would react to this stimulus.
助手们仔细观察细菌对这种刺激物会产生什么反应。
The atmosphere in the office has been tense for some time but this latest dismissal brings matter to a head.
办事处的气氛已紧张一段时日，而最近解雇员工一事使事态的发展达到了顶点。
The attack was made under favor of night.
进攻是在黑夜的掩护下进行的。
The attitude of grownups has changed.
成年人的态度已有了转变。
The audience called for the actor.
观众要求这位演员出来谢幕。
The audience packed the hall.
听众挤满了大厅。
The auditorium admits5.000 persons.
这座礼堂可容纳五千人。
The author kills off her hero in Chapter7.
作者把她的主人翁安排在第七章中死去。
The authorities put the dissident author through the hoop by denouncing him as an enemy of the state and putting him under house arrest.
当局谴责那位持不同政见的作家是国家的敌人，并且将他软禁起来，使他受苦受难。
The autumn or winter term start in September.
秋季或冬季学期九月份开始。
The babies, Carolina and Pablo, grew into bright and healthy children, … By some accounts, they knew they were adopted. By all accounts, they were lovingly cared for.
婴儿卡罗莱娜跟巴卜罗长成又聪明又健康的儿童……据某些人说，他们知道他们是被收养的。据所有的人说，他们有受到疼爱与照顾。
The baby howled all night.
那婴儿哇哇地哭了一夜。
The baby loves being tossed up and safely caught.
这小婴孩喜欢人家把他抛起来再稳稳当当地接住。
The baby was given a piece of candy.
这孩子拿到了一块糖。
The baby's legs flailed under the quilt.
小孩的两条小腿在被子下面乱动。
The bad boy broke his mother's heart.
这坏孩子使他妈的心伤透了。
The bad weather interfered with our plans.
恶劣的天气妨碍了我们的计画。
The bags beside the road are stowed with sand and salt for putting on icy roads to make them safer.
路旁的袋子里装满了沙和盐，以便用来撒在结冰的路面上使之较为安全。
The ball glanced off the edge of his bat.
球从他的球拍边缘一擦而过。
The ball went over the pitcher's head and into center field for a single.
球越过投手头顶，飞向中外场造成一垒打。
The band loan rate is unbelievably high.
银行贷款利率高得太离谱。
The bandits laid for the policemen along the road.
匪徒埋伏在路边等着袭击警察。
The bank broke.
这家银行倒闭了。
The bank is just around the corner.
银行就在拐角附近。
The bank robber drew a gun and shot the guard in cold blood.
那个银行抢劫者拨出枪，残忍地杀了警卫员。
The bankrupt had made over all his property to his wife.
这个破产者已把他所有的财产转让给了他的妻子。
The barman slipped one over on me and gave me a foreign coin in my change.
酒吧招待欺骗了我，在找头中塞给了我一枚外国硬币。
The basement windows were barred up against burglars.
地下室的窗户被封上了，以防窃贼。
The bath is fitted with double filters-through which the waste could be drained away.
浴室安装有两个滤水器，通过它们废物能被排出。
The battle began in dead earnest.
战斗实际上已开始。
The beach defenses were softened up before the landing craft went in.
在登陆艇驶入以前，海滩防御工事已遭到削弱。
The beautiful mountain is beyond word.
那座美丽的山川无法用语言描述。
The beaver now being completely"up to trap" approaches them cautiously.
海狸这一次变精明了，它很小心地靠近他们。
The beggar asked for money, but Jim soon sent him to the right-about.
那个乞丐伸手讨钱，但吉姆马上把他赶走了。
The belief in god cause people to do good.
对上帝的信仰使人行善。
The bell boys in that hotel seem always to have itching palms.
那家旅馆的男服务生似乎都很贪婪。
The belt buckled easily.
这条带子很容易扣。
The best defence is offence.
[谚]进攻是最好的防御。
The best part.
最好的部分
The best way to find out is to ask someone who works there.
要找出事实的最佳方法是问在那里的工作的某人。
The big dog leapt up at the little girl.
那条大狗跳起来朝小女孩扑去。
The big sail won't stay in position unless you trice it up.
这张大帆除非用绳子拉起并缚牢才能固定好。
The bill came to two pounds but the waiter put on a few extra pence.
帐单上是两英镑，可是侍者又在上面加了几个便士作为小费。
The bill is wrong, and we have to ask the waiter to check it.
帐单算错了，我们得叫服务员核实一下。
The bill whooped through both houses.
此提案在一片支持的欢呼声中由两院匆匆通过。
The bird flies out when he opens the window.
当他打开窗户时鸟就飞出去了。
The bird pounced on the worm and swallowed it.
鸟猛地扑向虫子，把它吞了。
The birds in the trees are singing away.
树上的小鸟在不停地唱歌。
The bishop officiated at the cathedral.
主教在大教堂执行圣职。
The blame is unavoidable.
责备是不可避免的。
The blood had saturated his shirt.
血浸透了他的衬衫。
The blues was/were first performed by the black people.
布鲁斯音乐最初是由黑人演奏的。
The boarding and care of horses for a fee.
口粮收取费用为马提供的食宿及照料
The boat has sunk.
船下沉了。
The boat rode over angry waves.
小船驶过惊涛骇浪。
The boat was tossed about in the stormy sea.
小船在风急雨骤的大海中颠簸。
The body of law established by the Danish invaders and settlers in northeast England in the ninth and tenth centuries.
丹麦法在9世纪和10世纪时，由丹麦入侵者和殖民者在英国东北部施行的法律体系
The bomb blast blew two passers-by across the street.
炸弹爆炸的强劲气流把两个行人刮到街的另一边去了。
The bond that binds the smugglers together is a rope of sand.
把走私犯联接起来的是条沙做的绳子，一碰就碎。
The book could have been better.
这本书本来可能会理好。
The book hit the floor with a thud.
这书砰的一声落在地板上。
The book is prefaced with a statement of gratitude to the translator's wife.
译者在本书的序言中向自己的妻子表示了感谢。
The book reached a wide audience abroad.
那本书在海外拥有广大的读者。
The book was entitled"Jaws".
该书的书名为Jaws。
The book whose page is torn is mine.
那本书页破损的书是我的。
The book's unusual title intrigue me into read it.
这本书奇特的书名引起我阅读的兴趣。
The booted him out for being drunk at work.
他因为在工作时间喝醉了，他们便把他解雇。
The boss exploded with anger when he see the sale report.
当老板看到业务报告时，他气炸了。
The boss is in a bad mood today so don't stir her up with any more customer complaints.
老板今天心情不好，所以不要再让顾客的不满来使她恼火。
The boss readily closed with the offer.
老板马上接受了这个报价。
The boss tore his failure in negotiation apart continuously.
老板不停地因他谈判失败而批评地。
The bottles should be washed out after every experiment.
每做一次试验之后，应该把瓶子洗干净。
The bowl of a drinking vessel.
杯状物喝水容器中的碗状部分
The box was just out of reach.
盒子刚好放在够不到的地方。
The boxer retired from the contest with eye injuries.
该拳击手因眼部受伤而退出比赛。
The boy ask what lie in the bosom of the earth.
那男孩问地球内部是什麽。
The boy broke off a bit of wood and dropped it, with a dry leaf, into the box where the coin was before.
那男孩折了一小片木头，连同一片干树叶一起放进先前盛银币的盒子里。
The boy cut off down a side street.
男孩很快地沿一条小街跑掉了。
The boy fell down from a tree and hurt his leg.
男孩从树上掉下来，跌伤了腿。
The boy got in to the athletic school after a special test.
男孩经过一次专门测验后进了体育学校。
The boy has a deformed foot and cannot play games.
那男孩有一只畸形足，不能参加游戏。
The boy has the most wonderful ability to come out on top even when everything seems to be against him.
甚至当一切都对这个小伙子不利的时候，他还是有一种惊人的能力获得胜利。
The boy is picking at the bad clothes.
那个小男孩在抓弄床单玩。
The boy is, so to speak, very clever, but he doesn't study hard.
这男孩可以说是很聪明的，但她学习不努力。
The boy looks with wistful eyes at the toy on display.
那男孩看著展出的玩具，眼中流露出渴望的神情。
The boy objects to being treated as a child.
这个小男孩不喜欢被当作孩子看待。
The boy quickly went on an errand with money clasped in his hands.
男孩手里握着钱快速地跑出去买东西。
The boy scrabbled about in the garbage for food.
这饿极了的猫正在垃圾堆里找吃的。
The boy stole from classroom while the teacher was writing on the blackboard.
老师在往黑板上写字时，那孩子偷偷溜出了教室。
The boy told the teacher that he couldn't come to school, because his mother was ill; but I think he sold he teacher a pup.
男孩对老师说，他没能来上学，是因为母亲病了，可我却认为他欺骗了老师。
The boy want to the bad after his father died.
这孩子在他父亲去世後就堕落了。
The boy was conditioned in English.
这个男孩必须补考英语。
The boy was nearly run over by a car.
小男孩差一点儿被汽车轧了。
The boy was to blame for fight with his brother.
和弟弟打架是那个男孩的过错。
The boy's father coaxed him out of the bad habit.
孩子的父亲说服他那个坏习惯。
The boy's story has some colour of truth.
这男孩的一番叙述听来似乎是真的。
The boys belted into the hall.
男孩子们飞快的跑进大厅。
The boys hated the old headmaster and plagued him by making him an apple-pie bed.
那些男孩们很讨厌这位老校长，于是就捉弄他，把他的被子叠得使他上床时钻不进去。
The boys set to and had to be separated by a teacher.
那些男生大打出手，来个老师才把他们拉开。
The boys were caught fishing out of season.
这群男孩在禁捕季节捕鱼被人抓住了。
The boys, faced with this somewhat terrifying figure, had lost their tongues.
面对着这个有点可怕的人，孩子们吓得说不出话来。
The branch mentioned above capitalizes on the pictorial aspects of the data.
上面我所提到的那个分支是利用数据的图象方面。
The branch of geology that deals with the origin, composition, structure, and alteration of rocks.
岩石学地质学的一个分支，研究岩石的起源、成分、结构和演变
The branch of psychology that deals with the relationship between the nervous system, especially the brain, and cerebral or mental functions such as language, memory, and perception.
神经心理学心理学的分支，研究神经系统特别是脑神经系统与诸如语言、记忆、知觉等脑功能或心理功能之间相互关系的科学
The brand of a coward is a liability in a military career.
懦夫的污名对戎马生涯是不利的。
The bread is fortified with various vitamins
这种面包加有各种维生素。
The bride was given away by her father.
由父亲把新娘交与新郎。
The bridge was destroyed, so they wouldn't get across.
桥被毁坏了，所以他们无法过河。
The brighter of two stars that make up a double star.
双星中较亮的一颗组成两颗双星中的较亮的一颗
The broken-down car was taken in tow by a lorry.
一辆卡车拉着一辆坏了的汽车。
The builder cost out the job at$6, 500.
营造商给这活儿估价为6，500美元。
The building is scheduled for completion in May.
该大楼预定或计划于5月份完工。
The building was completed last year.
建筑物是去年建成的。
The bulk of the railroad worker vote to go back to work.
大多数铁路工人投票赞成恢复工作。
The bullet merely creased his shoulder.
子弹只不过擦破了他肩部的皮肤。
The bureaucracy has become ossified.
官僚主义已变得僵化了。
The burnt toast smelled up the whole house.
面包烤焦了，整个房子都充满了焦味。
The bus driver should answer for the safety of the passengers.
公共汽车司机应对旅客的安全负责。
The bus leaves every half hour.
这车每半小时一班。
The bus stop is opposite the town hall.
公共汽车站的对面是市政大厅。
The bus was so jammed that I couldn't get down.
公共汽车很挤，以致我无法下来。
The business done this month amounts to ten thousand dollars as against eight thousand dollars last month.
这个月，生意的总额为１０，０００元，上个月则８，０００元。
The business or practice of hunting, killing, and processing whales.
捕鲸及提炼鲸油业猎获、杀死及加工鲸鱼的行当
The button for the music channel is in the arm of your seat.
音乐调频按钮设在您座位的扶手上。
The cake tastes nice.
饼尝起来很香。
The camera cleared customs.
相机通过海关了。
The campaign lasted from July to October.
这次战役从七月进行到十月。
The candidate had broad support from the lower ranges of the party.
该候选人在党内下层党员中有很多支持者
The candidate's doubtful past.
这位候选人过去名声令人质疑
The cannon spoke.
大炮轰呜。
The capacity to respond to stimuli.
反应力对刺激的反应能力
The capital and largest city of Saskatchewan, Canada, in the southern part of the province southeast of Saskatoon. It was the capital of the Northwest Territories until the province of Saskatchewan was created in1905. Population, 162,613.
里贾纳加拿大萨斯喀彻温省的首府和最大城市，位于这个省的南部，萨斯卡通的东南部。在1905年萨斯喀彻温省建立以前这个城市一直是西北领地的首府。人口162，613
The capital of New Zealand, on an inlet of Cook Strait in extreme southern North Island. It was founded in1840 and supplanted Auckland as capital in1865. Population, 133,200.
威灵顿新西兰的首都，位于新西兰北岛最南端的库克海峡的小港内。建于1840年，在1865年它代替奥克兰成为首都。人口133，200
The captain click his heel together and salute his superior officer.
上尉喀嚓一声立正，向上级军官行军礼。
The captain ordered two flags to be placed fore and aft.
船长吩咐在船头和船尾各挂一面旗子。
The captain's authoritative manner.
军官专断的行为方式
The car belted out of the square.
汽车很快地驶出广场。
The car changed down just before the turning.
汽车在将到转弯处时放慢了速度。
The car entered the gate and stopped at the end of the drive.
车子进了大门，在车道的尽头停了下来。
The car is acting itself again since we changed the oil.
我们给车换过油后，它又可以发动了
The car looks fine. Do you mind if I give it a whirl before I decide whether to buy it?
这汽车看上去不错。你能让我试一试车再决定买不买吗？
The car pulled up at our door.
汽车在我们的门口停下来。
The car roared past.
汽车轰轰隆隆急驶而过。
The car stood at the traffic lights for a few moments, then moved off.
那辆汽车在交通灯前停了一会儿，然後驶去了。
The car veered to the left.
那部车子转向左边。
The car whirled out of sight.
汽车很快地开得不见了。
The car's sturdy appearance lied.
那部车的坚固外观只是虚有其表。
The cardinal number, represented by the symbol1, designating the first such unit in a series.
一基数，用符号1表示，代表一系列中这样的单元中的第一个
The carpenter knocked up some kitchen units for us out of old pine.
木匠用老杉木为我们匆匆做了几件厨房用具。
The carrying of burdens or goods as done by porters.
搬运，搬运业如由搬运工搬运重物及货物
The cartoon ended with collapse of stout party.
卡通以一个自以为是的人斗败后目瞪口呆作为结束。
The case may go against you.
这一案子可能对你不利。
The cast of the play includes a famous actress.
这个剧的演员名单中有一位名花旦。
The castle towers over the city.
那城堡高耸于城市之上。
The cat darted out of my room like lightning; something must have frightened it badly.
猫飞快地冲出我房间，一定是什么东西把它吓坏了。
The cat is on the prowl for mice.
猫在四处寻找耗子。
The cat shuts its eyes when stealing cream.
[谚]掩耳盗铃；猫偷吃奶油的时候，总是闭着眼睛。
The cat's washing itself.
猫在给自己洗澡。
The cause of the fire was traced to a faulty fuse-box.
起火的原因已查出是因保险丝盒中有短路。
The celebration will run from next Monday.
庆祝活动从下周一开始。
The central services of that broadcasting company to some extent feed off the regional stations.
那家广播公司中央台的业务在某种程度上是依靠地方台供应材料的。
The chain has fallen foul of plants in the water.
链条已和水中的植物缠绕在了一起。
The chairman and I have crossed swords before over this issue.
我和主席以前曾经对这问题进行过辩论。
The chairman has ask all manager to attend the meeting.
董事长已邀请了所有经理参加会议。
The chairman railroaded the plan through the committee.
主席迫使委员会草率通过这项计划。
The chairman told him that he was out of order.
主席告诉他违反了会议规则。
The chalk jarred against the blackboard.
粉笔在黑板上发出吱吱的声音。
The champion put his opponens out in the fifth round.
第五轮，冠军将他的对手击昏。
The change is beneficial in some ways but not in others.
这些变革有的方面有好处，有的方面没好处。
The characteristic smell of a wine or liqueur; bouquet.
芳香葡萄酒或酒有特点的气味；酒香
The charge will be$1.20 per word, minimum10 words.
这费用是每个字1。20美元，10个字起算。
The chef inquires if anything is wrong.
厨师询问是否出了什么错。
The cheque is not valid if it were not signed by the finance director.
如果没有主管财务的董事签字支票就无效。
The chief conductor turned out to be a young woman.
列车长原来是一位青年妇女。
The chief spokeswoman of a movement or cause.
女代言人运动或事业的女性主要发言人
The child can't walk yet.
这个小孩还不会走路。
The child dodged through the crowd.
那小孩在人群中躲躲闪闪
The child had been sleeping face down. His mother turned him up and tucked up the sheets.
那孩子趴着睡觉，她母亲把他翻过身，然后塞好被单。
The child is at an impressionable age.
这孩子正处于易受影响的年龄。
The child is sickening for something.
这小孩走生了什么病了。
The child makes a pig of himself at dinner and now feel very sick.
那孩子在晚餐时吃得太多，现在感到很不舒服。
The child resembles his father.
那孩子像他父亲。
The child stayed under the table in a temper until his father came home.
那孩子生气地呆在桌子下面，直到他父亲回到家才出来。
The child was attracted by the glitter of the Christmas tree decorations.
这孩子被圣诞树上闪耀的装饰物吸引住了。
The child was scared stiff in the dentist's chair.
这孩子在牙科医生的椅子上吓坏了。
The child will be six.
那孩子将满六岁了。
The child's skill is wonderful for his age.
这个孩子小小年纪，技巧令人称奇。
The children are allowed to dunk their bread in the soup.
孩子们被允许把面包放在汤里浸泡一会儿。
The children are outside during playtime.
在娱乐时间学生都在室外活动。
The children asked father to play games with them, but he stood aside.
孩子们要爸爸一起玩游戏，但他不动弹。
The children clubbed together to buy their teacher a present.
孩子们共同出钱为他们的教师买一件礼物。
The children finished the food on their plate in a wink.
孩子们一会儿就把他们盘子里的东西吃光了。
The children had to be got under the stairs whenever there was an air raid.
每当空袭就不得不把孩子们藏到楼梯底下。
The children hovered about the combat here, hoping to hear a story about the fighting.
孩子们缠住那位战斗英雄，希望听他讲一个战斗故事。
The children mobbed the baseball star.
孩子们欢呼着朝那棒球明星围上去。
The children ran into the hall.
孩子们跑进大厅。
The children set to as soon as food was put on the table.
一等饭菜摆上桌，孩子们就狼吞虎咽地吃起来了。
The children surprised their father into buying a football.
孩子们出其不意地让父亲买了个足球。
The children waved their flags as the Queen passed.
女王经过时，孩子们挥舞着旗子。
The children were clothed in pure cotton.
孩子们给穿上纯棉的衣服。
The children were stealing apples when the farmer arrived and caught them red-handed.
孩子们在偷苹果时，农夫来了，当场捉住了他们。
The children yelled out in delight.
孩子们高兴得大声喊叫起来。
The chinese government welcome your visit---your visit to our country.
中国政府欢迎你们的来访－－－对我们国家的访问。
The chronicle breaks down into four parts
这部编年史分成四部分。
The church was decked out with flowers for the feast.
教堂为庆祝节日而装点上鲜花。
The cities of Greece and Asia were despoiled of their most valuable ornaments.
希腊与亚洲城市中最宝贵的装饰品被劫掠一空。
The city council is beset by problems.
城市委员会遇到各种难题
The city is famed for its scenic spots.
该市以风景优美著称。
The city was bathed in a festive atmosphere.
这座城市沉浸在节日的气氛中。
The city will tear down these buildings to make room for the new highway.
市政当局要拆毁这些建筑物以让出地方修筑新公路。
The class has dropped below ten students this year.
今年这个班的学生降到了10人以下。
The classroom is silent except for the busy scratching of pens on paper.
教室里静悄悄，只有笔在纸上忙着写字的声音。
The clerk marked up his daybook before going home.
办事员在回家前记好当天的日记帐。
The client is waiting in the other room.
客户们在另一房间等候。
The climate reflected on her health.
气候影响了他的健康。
The climbers sent two men up to investigate the rockfall.
登山者派了两个人爬上去察看岩石坠落的情况。
The clock strikes the hours, the half-hours and the quarters.
这个钟在正点、半点和一刻钟都打点。
The cloth from which such a coat is made, usually of wool, often with a heavy nap.
麦基诺厚呢制成麦基诺厚大衣的布料，通常是毛的，表面覆有很厚的绒毛
The clouds cleared away and the stars shone very brightly.
云已消散，露出了亮晶晶的星星。
The club is tailor-made for Sally.
俱乐部的活动很合莎莉的口味。
The coach gave a sales talk on exercise in the school assembly.
教练在校方会议上大谈运动的好处。
The coach sent two players in.
教练派2名球员上扬。
The coat and skirt team up very well, don't they, although they weren't bought as a set.
这件外衣和这条裙子，尽管不是作为套装买的，但配得挺好，不是吗？
The coco-cola frothed as it was poured out.
可口可乐倒出来时泛起泡沫。
The cold has frozen the lock on the car door.
严寒已把汽车的门锁冻结起来。
The cold wind from Lake Baikal is blowing hard.
从贝加尔湖吹来的冷风在呼啸。
The college library is a favorite haunt.
大学图书馆是人们喜欢的地方。
The colonialists brought untold sufferings to African peoples.
殖民主义者给非洲各国人民带来了说不完的苦难。
The colour of the sky deepened as the sun went down.
夕阳西下，天空的颜色渐趋深暗。
The combination of factors, symptoms, or signs of a disease or disorder that forms a syndrome.
综合症状形成综合病症的全部因素、病症、或疾病或失调外在表象的综合特征
The comic scenes were overdone.
滑稽的场面演得太夸张。
The commander or governor of a fortress in Spain or Portugal.
要塞司令西班牙或葡萄牙等国的一个要塞指挥官或总督
The commencement of a race or of a planned military attack.
开始，出击比赛的开始，或有计划的军事进攻的开始
The committee cut the ground from under her plans.
委员会推翻了她提出的那些计划。
The committee is presenting its report next week.
委员会将于下星期提出报告。
The committee tried to persuade the chairman to give them more time for a decision, but he dug his heels in and refused to listen.
委员会委员们试图说服主席让他们多考虑一段时间再作决定，但是主席固执己见，不听他们的。
The commune members bedded down the students who had come to help in harvesting.
公社社员们为前来帮助收割的学生们安排住宿。
The company bears the legal cost of both parties.
公司负担双方当事人的法律费用。
The company employs500 workers.
这家公司雇有五百名职工。
The company had record another year of increase sale.
公司记载了另一个销售额增长年。
The company has briefed a top lawyer to defend it.
公司已将案件委托给最好的律师进行辩护。
The company has three films in work right now.
那公司目前有三部影片正拍摄中。
The company is in the hand of the receiver.
公司由破产事务官司接管。
The company is the successful tenderer for the project.
该公司是该项工程的成功投标人或中标人。
The company offers chalet holidays in switzerland.
公司组织住在瑞士休假小屋的假期。
The company reissued its catalogue with a new price list.
这个公司重新发行了带有新价格表的商品目录。
The company turns over150 million a year.
该公司每年的营业额达。
The company's archives goes back to its foundation in1892.
该公司的档案可追溯至其创建的1892年。
The competition entries were a very mixed bag.
参赛者是错落不齐的大杂烩。
The composite of qualities, such as courage, determination, and vigor, often thought to be appropriate to a man.
大丈夫气概具有常被认为是适合男人的多种品质的混合体，如勇气、决心和活力
The computer industry has spawned hundreds of new companies.
电脑行业中已有几百家新公司涌现。
The comrades here did not mind particularly.
这儿的同志们都不特别在乎。
The concluding line, speech, or scene of a play or an act.
结语，最后一幕一场戏或一幕戏的最后一行台词、演说或情景
The condition of being disarmed.
解除武装处于解除武器的状态
The condition of being twisted or turned.
扭曲被弯曲或扭转后所处的状态
The condition of the normal eye when parallel rays are focused exactly on the retina and vision is perfect.
屈光正常当平行光线恰好聚焦于视网膜并形成清晰视觉时正常眼睛的状态
The condition or quality of being brave; courage.
勇敢，勇气勇敢的条件或品质；勇气
The conditioned response, once it is firmly established, can be extinguished dozens of times, but it sill always return, like the proverbial bad penny.
条件反射一经形成，虽然可以一次又一次地压制下去，但是它总会重新再现，真是摆也摆不脱扔也扔不掉。
The confidence gained in remedial classes carried over into the children's regular school work.
孩子们在辅导班上获得的自信持续到他们正常的学校学习中去
The consequence was that he lost his money.
结果是他失去了自己的钱。
The constitution was amended in1920 to give women the right to vote.
美国宪法於一九二○年修订，赋予妇女投票权。
The continuing violence between rival gangs of youths has made a large part of the housing estate a no-go area.
两帮少年无赖之间的持续暴动力行为，使得那个宅区的大部分成了禁区。
The contradiction is hushed up.
这个矛盾消除了。
The cook dished out the stew as if he were feeding hogs.
厨师端上一大盘肉．好像在喂猪。
The cooks arrive on camp in advance of the main party.
厨师们在大队人马之前到了野地营地。
The corporate giants who try to drive down wages in order to make super profits
那些企图压低工资以获超额利润的公司巨头们
The cost of redeveloping the product is prohibitive.
重新研制此产品的成本高得使人不敢问津。
The costume or insignia worn by the retainers of a feudal lord.
装束封建主的随从所穿的服装或所戴标志
The council is to bring in new rules about trading on a Sunday.
委员会准备引进一些有关每逢星期日交易的新规定。
The countries are about to enter upon their first trade agreement as a unit.
这些国家正准备作为一个小组开始讨论它们之间的第一个贸易协定。
The country has to import most of its raw material.
这个国家原料大部分靠进口。
The country made social and political gains under the new government.
在新一届政府任职期间，这个国家在社会和政治方面都取得了进步
The country was torn apart by fierce tribal hostilities.
这个国家因为部落之间激烈仇恨而弄得四分五裂。
The couple had a heck of an argument and kept us awake all night.
两口子争得够呛，弄得咱们一晚上没眨眼皮。
The course rode soft after the rainfalls.
雨後骑起马来觉得跑道很松软。
The court had cleared the docket by sitting deep into the night.
法院开庭到深夜，处理了所有应审的案件。
The court ordered the bailiff to seize his property because he have not pay his fine.
法院命令执行官扣押他的财产，因为他没有交纳罚款。
The courts upheld their objections, and prayers were banned.
法院支持他们的反对意见，宣布禁止。
The cows give milk every day.
那些牛每天都出乳。
The creaking of the door on rusty hinges jars on my ears.
铰链生锈的门发出吱嘎吱嘎的声使我感到很不舒服。
The crew of the capsized yacht had to tread water until the rescuers arrived.
那艘快艇倾覆了，人们在营救人员到达以前只得踩水。
The crime syndicate has the goods on the governor and are blackmailing him.
那个罪魁集团掌握了州长的确凿罪证并且正在敲诈他。
The criminal put the torn papers in the lavatory and tried to flush them away.
罪犯把撕成碎片的文件丢进厕所，企图用水冲掉。
The criminals held up the train and took all the money.
罪犯们拦截火车，抢走了所有的钱财。
The critics looked down their noses at the novel.
这些评论家们都轻视这部小说。
The crops or products of the land legally belonging to a tenant.
庄稼收益法律上属于土地占有人的土地上的庄稼或出产物
The crowd booed for five minutes.
人群中发出嘘声长达五分钟。
The crowd fell back to let the ambulance through.
人群往后退，让救护车通过。
The crowd must be enjoying the performance, they're laughing their heads off.
观众肯定十分欣赏这个演出，他们笑得前仰后合。
The crowd was at fever pitch when the home team scored a goal.
当主队踢进一球时，观众群情激昂。
The cruel rulers of old Russia were brought low by the determined action of the people.
旧俄国的残酷统治者被人民的坚决行动拉下马来。
The culture of the mind is vital.
修心养性是极其重要的。
The curious thing is that they accept his manner as if they knew that all good Englishmen should be made to listen to the voice of conscience from time to time.
令人费解的是，他们对他的行为表示接受，似乎他们知道应该使所有正派的英国人不时听一听良心的谴责。
The curtains opened to reveal a darkened stage.
帷幕拉开，显出暗沉沉的舞台。
The custom prevails over the whole area.
这风俗存在于这整个地区。
The cut of her dress shows off her figure to perfection.
她的服装式样使得她的身材显得分外匀称。
The daily grind.
每天必做的苦差
The damaged ship was able to reach port under her own power.
那艘损坏的轮船依靠本身的动力驶到港口。
The danger is certainly a lion in the path; you can go ahead or turn back, which will you do?
这种危险当然是个可怕的障碍；你可以干下去，也可以退回来，你要选择哪一种样？
The data logger device has been fitted to ship's engine room.
数字记录仪装置已安装在船只的机舱里。
The day following today.
明天今天以后的一天
The day on which such a ceremony occurs.
毕业典礼日这一仪式举行的一天
The days are getting hotter.
天气逐渐变热起来。
The dead cannot feel.
死人没有知觉。
The dealer gave us an allowance on our old car.
车商给我们的旧车打了折扣
The death penalty for murder work on the principle of an eye for an eye.
犯谋杀罪处以死刑，其原则是一命抵一命。
The deceased man left no will.
死者没有留下遗嘱。
The decline of a conditioned response following repeated exposure to the conditioned stimulus.
反应减弱因不断接受条件刺激而伴随产生的条件反射减弱
The deer was peppered with shot all down one side.
那只死鹿的半边身子都被子弹击中。
The defendant protested that he had never been near the scene of the crime.
被告坚决声辩他从来没有在犯罪现场附近。
The degree of sharpness of a cutting blade.
锋利程度切割刀锋的锋利程度
The delegation will arrive on Monday morning.
代表团将于星期一上午到达。
The democrats hope to get back at the next election.
民主党希望在下次大选中重新执政。
The dentist deadened the nerve with Novocaine.
牙医用奴佛卡因麻醉神经。
The description is more or less accurate.
这种描述多少有点准确性。
The designer is hip to the latest fashion.
设计师对时装的最新款式了如指掌。
The destroyer's armament consist of several small cannon, two torpedo tube and a number of anti-craft gun.
驱逐舰上的武器装备包括几门小口径大炮，两个鱼雷发射管与数门高射炮。
The detective soon raveled out the truth.
那名侦探很快就于真相大白。
The deuce is in it if I cannot do it.
这事我做不成才怪呢。
The devil can quote shakespeare for his own purpose.
魔鬼也能够为自己的方便而引用莎士比亚。
The diamond ring glittered on her finger.
钻戒在她的手指上闪闪发光。
The difference between a man and his valet, they both smoke the same cigar, but only one pay for them.
主仆之间的区别是：两者抽的都属同一种雪茄烟，但付出烟钱的则只有一个人。
The difference is merely verbal.
那只不过是言辞上的差异。
The dimension of the color of an object by which the object appears to reflect or transmit more or less of the incident light, varying from black to white for surface colors and from black to colorless for transparent volume colors.
（颜色的）浅淡可以从物体对入射光的光亮反射或透射程度的多少来决定的光亮度，从变化上对于表面来说可从黑色到白色，对于透明色来说是从黑色到无色
The direct cause, such as a bacterium or virus, of a communicable disease.
传染原传染性疾病的直接病因，例如某种细菌或病毒
The director is on holiday.
这位董事正在度假。
The directors are probably going to recommend that we accept the take-over bid, but we can muddy the waters by asking detailed questions about the company accounts.
董事们很可能建议我们接受那个索价，但如果我们提出关于公司的账目的详细问题就可以把事情搞浑。
The discovery is due to Newton.
该发现应归功于牛顿。
The discussion veers away from religion and round to politics.
这场讨论从宗教问题一下子转到了政治问题上。
The disease shuts the boy off from most of the activities of normal children.
疾病使这个男孩不能参加正常孩子的大部分活动。
The display in Harry is one of the sights in London.
哈罗德百货公司的陈列品是伦敦一景。
The distance between the two rails of a railroad.
轨距铁路两根钢轨之间的距离
The distinctive style or manner of expression of an author or a character in a book.
风格，特征作者或书中人物的独特的风格或表达方式
The diversions of city life
城市生活中的各种消遣
The doctor applied some medicine to him and he began to come to.
医生给他服了一些药，他开始恢复了知觉。
The doctor comes to the hospital every other day.
那位医生每隔一天来医院一次。
The doctor gave him a clean bill of health.
医生给他一份健康良好的报告。
The doctor is a busy man.
医生是一位忙碌的人。
The doctor ordered him to walk a mile every day.
医生规定他每天走路一英里。
The doctor said the old man's condition was hopeless.
医生说这位老人的病是没有希望的了。
The doctor told him a white lie.
医师没把事实告诉他。
The doctor was struck off for incompetence.
那医生因不称职而被除名。
The doctors did all that was humanly possible.
医生们已尽了最大的力量了。
The doctors thought it kind to play down the serious nature of her illness.
医生们认为把她严重的病情说得轻微一些是仁慈的表现。
The document containing this exemption.
特许状包含这种特许的文件
The dog balanced a ball on its nose.
狗用鼻子顶着一个球使其保持平衡。
The dog easily picked up the scent of the murderer.
狗毫不费力地嗅出了谋杀者的气味。
The dog hovers around me while I am fixing their dinner.
我给狗儿们弄吃的时候它们围著我转。
The dog kept a vigilant guard over the house.
这只狗警醒地守护着这所房屋。
The dog perked its ears at the noise.
一听到噪声，狗就竖起了耳朵
The dog sets well.
那只狗善於发现猎物。
The dog treed the cat.
狗赶猫上树。
The dog went for the postman as soon as he opened the garden gate.
邮递员一打开花园的门，那狗便向他扑了过去。
The dog's tongue was hanging out.
这条狗把舌头伸在外面。
The dollar is sinking.
美元在贬值。
The door had already been closed when he came.
他来的时候门已经关上了。
The door opened with a creak.
那扇门嘎地一声开了。
The door was blocked.
门给堵上了。
The door's stuck.
门打不开。
The draft cleared the council.
草案已通过审议。
The dregs settled and the liquid became clear.
渣滓沉淀下来，液体变清了。
The dress took her fancy.
那件衣服她很中意。
The drill sergeant took the men on a ten-mile march and they were all ready to drop by the time they got back to barracks.
那个教官带领士兵们作了10英里的行军，结果他们回到军营时全都累得快要趴下了。
The driver clapped on his brakes and the car came to a screeching halt.
司机急忙踩刹车，车子嗄地一声停住了。
The driver is partially to blame for the accident.
司机对那次车祸应负部分责任。
The driver sponged down the car before turning water on it.
正在用清水冲洗车子以前司机用布擦了一遍。
The dropped plate flew into pieces. The motorist flew into a rage.
掉在地上的盘子摔成了碎片；驾车的人大发雷霆
The drunkard staggered along.
那个醉汉摇摇晃晃地走过去。
The ducks of the production team have been fed out.
生产队的鸭子已养肥到可以上市了。
The dust made him sneeze.
飞尘使他打喷嚏。
The dying farmhand said, "I've got what I deserve for taking pity on an evil creature"
农夫临死的时候说：“我怜惜恶人，应该受这个恶报！”
The eagle swooped down on its prey.
老鹰向着猎物俯冲下来。
The earth hums to me today in the sun, like a woman at her spinning, some ballad of the ancient time in a forgotten tongue.
今天大地在太阳光里向我营营哼鸣，象一个织着布的妇人，用一种已经被忘却的语言，哼着一些古代的歌曲。
The earth together with all its inhabitants and created things.
世界地球及其上面的所有居住者和被创造的事物
The earthquake wiped out town.
地震摧毁了那个市镇。
The economy was a considerable issue in the campaign.
在竞选运动中经济是一个重要问题
The edible, immature flower head of this plant.
洋蓟花头这种植物的可食用的，未成熟的花头
The editor remarked that the article was well-written.
编者证论说那篇文章写得很好。
The effect of such a gust.
风力这阵强风或气流引起的效果
The eggs went for30 pence.
那些蛋以三十便士售出。
The election was a farce, for it was fixed.
这次选举是一幕闹剧，因为它是预先安排好的
The elemental fury of the storm
儿很胖；可是儿子呢，简直像大象
The emission of visible light by a hot object.
白热光物体遇热发出可见光
The employers hold out the chance of quick promotion.
雇主们提出了一个迅速升级的机会。
The end man in a minstrel show.
压轴巡游演出中的最后艺人
The enemy army crumpled up under our attacks.
敌军在我军的攻击下垮了。
The enemy fighters surprised the harbor at dawn.
敌人战斗机在黎明时偷袭港囗。
The enemy mad bombardment caused unprecedented death and destruction in the country.
敌人的狂轰滥炸在这个国家造成了空前的死亡和破坏。
The enemy rode over the rice field.
敌人骑马过稻田，把庄稼全糟蹋了。
The enemy troops had a cold realization of their hard situation.
敌军部队对自己所处的困境不寒而栗。
The enemy will not attack during daylight so I have told the defenders to stand down.
敌人不会在白天进攻，因此我已告诉防御者们解除警戒。
The engine conked out on the final lap.
发动机在最后一圈时失灵了
The engine kicked over a few times but we couldn't get it started.
引擎转动了几下，但我们没法把它发动起来。
The engine will soon heat up.
引擎很快会变热。
The enquiry found that the light aircraft crashed after its engine seized up through lack of coolant.
调查报告表明，这架轻型飞机是由于发动机缺少冷却剂而失灵坠毁的。
The entire main floor of a theater.
剧场主厅剧院中的主要场地
The envelope was buried in some papers on my desk.
那只信封被我桌子上的一些文件盖住了。
The era of the backwoods rube is gone.
落後地区乡巴佬的时代已成过去。
The essence of his religious teaching is love for all men.
他宣扬的宗教教义要旨是爱天下人。
The ethical doctrine that morality has its foundations in self-interest.
自私自利认为道德以自我利益为基础的道德观念
The event may wake her up.
这件事可能使她醒悟。
The evils ensue from lack of a stable government.
这些弊病是由于缺乏一个稳定的政府而引起的。
The examinations are hanging over students. That's why they can't sleep well at night.
考试的阴影笼罩住学生的心灵，这就是他们晚上睡不好的原因。
The exchange rate today be250 Japanese yen to the pound.
今天的兑换率是1英镑换250日元。
The excursion was the high spot of our holiday.
我们那个假日的最大乐趣是远足。
The expansion is fund completely by the private sector.
此项发展是完全由私营部门出资的。
The experience left me with a feeling of deep hurt.
这段经历给我心灵上留下了严重的创伤。
The exploitation of child labour
我们探讨了几种解决该问题的方法
The explosive charge carried in the warhead of a missile.
导弹有效载荷导弹弹头所带的炸药当量
The exterior of the house.
这所房子的外部
The eyes of Argus Juno took and scattered as ornaments on the tail of her peacock, where they remain to this day.
朱诺取下阿尔戈斯的眼睛，撒在她的孔雀的尾巴上作为装饰，直到今天这些眼睛还呆在老地方。
The fact has at last lodged in his silly mind.
这些事实终于装入并且存进了他那愚蠢的头脑。
The fact she is here implies a degree of interest.
她当时在场，这一事实就意味著她有一定程度的兴趣。
The factors for war were visibly increasing.
这时战争因素有明显增长。
The factory is situated on the edge of the town.
这座工厂坐落在该城的边上。
The factory was started around1958 by housewives.
这家工厂是在一九五八年左右由一些家庭妇女办起来的。
The failure of the company's efforts at last sheeted home the need for proper preparation of business conditions.
该公司种种努力的失败终于使大家认识到充分准备经营条件的必要性。
The fall of the Cabinet will make good copy.
内阁的垮台将成为（报纸等的）好材料。
The family can just scrape along but never ask for charity.
这家人只能勉强度日，但从没有要过救济。
The family seat in Norfolk
在诺福克郡的祖传宅第
The famous actor now lives in seclusion.
那位著名的演员现在过着隐居生活。
The fans at the concert were really ape.
音乐会上乐迷们真是如痴如狂
The farm labour force is running down steadily.
农场里的劳动力在不断减少。
The farmer has so many chickens, he can often lose track of them all.
这农民有许许多多小鸡，弄得他常常自己也数不清。
The farmer twisted off a piece of bread to eat with his cheese.
那个农夫掰下一块面包就着乳酪吃起来了。
The farmhands gave the landlord a sound beating.
雇工们把这地主痛打了一顿。
The fat old man look grotesque in his tight pants.
那胖老头穿著紧身裤显得很可笑。
The father was giving a back to the son.
父亲正弯着腰让儿子做跳蛙游戏。
The federal funds were a real shot in the arm far the small farming community.
对于这个小小的农业村庄来说，这一笔联邦政府的资金确实是一大鼓舞。
The fellow looked at me coldly and said, "Oh, you haven't? "
那个家伙冷冰冰地看着我说：“哦，是吗？”
The fence is so high that they can not get the horses over.
栅栏很高，他们无法策马跨过去。
The fever is breaking.
一下子就退烧了
The field of operations has been staked out.
军事演习的区域已经划定。
The fifth letter of the modern English alphabet.
E字母现代英语字母表中第五个字母
The fighters cleaned up on their opponents.
战士们彻底打败了他们的敌人。
The figures total up to388.
这些数字总计为三百八十八。
The film has pulled in large audiences.
这部电影吸引了大批观众。
The film on show do not have much sparkle on it.
正放映的那部电影沈闷无生气。
The film version of a famous novel.
根据一本名著改编的电影
The final decision rests with him.
最后决定取决于他。
The fine spell we've been having will put the crops ahead very nicely.
这段时期的晴朗天气将大大促进庄稼的良好生长
The fire burned up more than$50, 000 worth of antiques.
这场火烧掉了价值5万多美元的文物。
The fire had died down and the room was getting cold.
炉火已经熄灭，房间里渐渐冷了。
The fire spread quickly.
火势蔓延很快。
The fireman played the hose onto the burning house.
消防人员用消防水龙对着燃烧的房子喷射。
The firemen played their hoses on the burning building.
消防队员用水龙喷射燃烧著的建筑物。
The firm had to overcome its resistance to new technology.
这家公司必须克服对采用新技术的阻力。
The firm is always trying to do its competitors down.
这家商行总企图压倒它的对手。
The firm plots its sales figures on this special squared paper.
该公司将其销售数字标在这张方格纸上
The firm's payroll has one field for gross pay and one for net pay.
公司工资单上一部分是原工资，一部分是实发工资。
The first child of English parents born in America. She disappeared with other members of the Lost Colony of Roanoke Island in Virginia.
戴尔，弗吉尼亚1587－1587？第一个出生在美国的英国女该，她和弗吉尼亚的罗厄诺克岛的失去殖民地的其他成员一起失踪了
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
我们的前半生为父母所糟蹋，而后半生又复为儿女所糟蹋。
The first man was small and quick, dark of face.
领头的那个人短小精干，脸庞黧黑。
The first pair were a bit tight, so he asked for the next size.
第一双有些紧，所以他要大一号的。
The first season of the year; spring.
春季一年中最早的季节；春天
The first thing to be done was to head off the enemy from the tender spots and vital places.
首先要做的事是防止敌人从防守不严的部位及要害地方逃走。
The first year was tough, but business looked up after that.
第一年是艰难的，但在那年后生意渐渐改善了。
The fisherman can put you across the river.
那位渔人可帮你渡过河去。
The five o'clock train is always packed with commuters.
五点钟那趟车总是挤满了通勤者。
The flaming fire warns me off by its own glow.
燃着的火，以它熊熊的光焰警告我不要走近它。
The flesh of such animals used as food.
鱼肉作食物用的此类动物的肉
The floats in the parade are decked out with flags.
游行队伍中的彩车用旗帜装饰起来。
The floor gave way under the weight.
地板在重压下坍了下去。
The flower border required careful weeding with a trowel but he attacked it with a spade like a bull in a china shop.
花园里沿边的或走道两边的花坛要用一把泥铲小心地除草，但是他却用一把铁锹重手重脚地做，象瓷器店里的一头公牛，一动就会闯祸。
The flowers send forth fragrance.
这些花散发出香味。
The folder was sandwiched in between the two bulging files in the drawer.
这硬纸卡被挤在抽屉里的两个鼓鼓的档案夹里了。
The food in this restaurant is the pits!
这家饭馆的东西难吃极了。
The food was rather insipid, and needed gingering up.
这食物缺少味道，需要加点作料。
The football match was so hard that in the end the players on two sides ran themselves out.
这场足球比赛非常艰苦，最后双方运动员都累得筋疲力尽。
The force of his fall was broken by the straw mats.
草垫的缓冲作用减弱了他下跌的力量。
The foreman knocked off the workers for lunch.
工头让工人们停下工作吃中饭。
The forest was almost impassable.
森林几乎不可逾越。
The formative cells or tissue of a fingernail, toenail, or tooth.
（指甲或牙齿的）床手指甲、脚指甲和牙齿的形成细胞或组织
The forward, discharging end of the barrel of a firearm.
喷嘴消防队员用的水管的末端排出口部分
The fox led the hunter a merry chase.
狐狸因善于躲避而逃过了猎人的追逐。
The freight carried by a ship, an aircraft, or another vehicle.
货物船舶、飞机或其它交通工具运载的货物
The friend I was traveling with could speak French.
和我一起旅游的那位朋友会讲法语。
The front section of seats nearest the stage in a theater.
头等席剧院中靠近舞台的前排座位
The fruit of this plant, eaten fresh or pickled.
黄瓜该植物的果实，可以生吃或腌制来食用
The full measure of his detachment had for the first time nearly struck home to me.
他完全的不偏不倚的态度第一次让我大为感动。
The fur collar mats when it gets wet.
皮领子湿了时毛就结在一起。
The future character of the Republic is in the air.
共和国的未来性质尚在未定之天。
The gallery in which the reporters sit has become a fourth estate of the realm.
新闻记者坐的席位已经成了王国的第四等级。
The game of checkers.
国际跳棋棋类游戏
The gang jumped an old woman in the subway.
一伙歹徒在地下人行道突然袭击一老妇人。
The gangsters raided the town's laundry, ran off the proprietor, and took all the clothing.
那伙歹徒闯入镇上的洗衣店，撵走店老板，抢去了全部衣服。
The garden looks its best in the spring.
这个花园春天看上去最美。
The gardener used a stake to support the uprightness of the fragile plant.
这位园丁用了一个木柱将这株娇嫩的植物撑直。
The gasoline shortage caused by driver's strikes.
汽油短缺是由司机罢工引起的。
The general beefed up his army with more big guns and tanks.
将军以更多的大炮和坦克来增强自己部队的力量。
The general practice in such cases is to apply for a court order.
处理这类案件的常规做法是请求法院发出指令。
The generators coordinate so that one is always running.
这些发电机是同一类型的以便于保证总有一台在运行
The ghost has been laid and will not return to haunt you again.
那鬼魂已经祛除，不会再回来缠著你了。
The girl appeared to be overcome with homesickness.
这女孩看来想家想得受不了啦。
The girl falls in love with one of her brother's friend soon after their first meeting.
这位姑娘和她哥哥的一位朋友第一次见面后就爱上了他。
The girl has three apples.
女孩有三个苹果。
The girl is so lovely that I can't take my eyes off her.
那姑娘真漂亮，我禁不住目不转睛地看着她。
The girl put her lunch up in a paper bag and started on a visit to a zoo.
女孩把午饭装在纸袋里出去参观动物园了。
The girl takes after her mother.
这女孩长得像她妈。
The girl was invested with a special dress to give the performance.
那个女孩为表演节目穿上一件特制衣裙。
The girl winked back a warning to him.
那女孩回递了一个表示警告的眼色。
The girls couldn't stop giggling.
那些女孩子无法止住吃吃笑。
The girls were chattering away over their needlework.
女孩子们一面做针线一面喋喋不休。
The glass used in such a division.
门窗上一整块的玻璃
The goal in soccer, hockey, and lacrosse.
球门足球、曲棍球和长曲棍球的球门
The goddess Artemis.
阿特米斯女神
The golfer lost four strokes trying to get the ball out of the sand trap.
那个高尔夫球手花了四杆去打那落入沙坑的球。
The good news put him in fine fettle.
喜讯传来，他心情很好。
The goods are to be packed in tin-lined cases, and the contents of each case clearly marked on the outside.
一切货物均须用内衬马口铁或锡纸的木箱包装，且外壳必须清楚地标明其内所装物品。
The goods we ordered are seasonal goods, so it will be better to ship them all at once.
我们订购的这批货物都是季节性商品，还是一次发运为好。
The gossip of two women will destroy two house.
两个妇人的口舌能拆散两个家庭。
The government disclosed that another diplomat had been arrested for spy.
政府透露，又有一名外交官因间谍罪被捕。
The government has made it a rule to fill the ranks by a draft, because the volunteers for military service never suffices.
由于志愿从军的人数从来就不足，政府只好以征兵的方式来补足名额，这已成为惯例。
The government is introducing a shorter working week.
政府新采用减少每周工作时间的制度。
The government is urged to take measures to combat the spread of aids.
人们敦促政府采取措施以防止爱滋病的传播。
The government recognized his outstanding service by give him a medal.
政府为他颁赠勋章，以表彰他的卓著功绩。
The government was unable to shut the writer up, as he had the support of the rest of the world.
政府不能使这个作家停止写作，因为他有世界其它地区人们的支持。
The governmental department charged with the regulation and control of the affairs of a community, now chiefly the department established to maintain order, enforce the law, and prevent and detect crime.
警察局负责约束和管理一个社区事务的政府部门，现在被建立主要是用来维持秩序、执行法律和防止和侦破犯罪行为的部门
The grain crop has gone down this year.
今年的粮食作物产量下降了。
The grass seeks her crowd in the earth.
绿草求她地上的伴侣。
The great drawback to living on a main road is the constant noise.
住在通衢大道上的最大缺点就是噪声不断。
The greater portion of Antarctica is still terra nullius.
南极洲的大部分地方不属于任何国家。
The green car is leading.
绿色车子在领路。
The grocer's put the price of coffee up again.
这家食品店又提高了咖啡的价格。
The ground rises gradually.
地面渐渐隆起。
The grounds of a school, college, university, or hospital.
校园，场地中学、学院、大学或医院的地面
The group was made up of doctors.
这个团体是由医生组成的。
The guard came back.
那个卫兵回来了。
The guards sprang to attention.
卫兵原地立正站好。
The guest speaker was howled down, and it was some time before the chairman could restore order.
听众的吼叫声淹没了来宾的发言，主席花了相当时间才恢复会场秩序。
The guide drew our attention too the magnificent carved paneling.
导游把我们的注意力引向华丽的雕刻镶木上。
The gum of this plant.
黄芪胶这种植物的胶
The gymnast dared a breathtakingly difficult move.
这位体操选手敢于做惊险的高难度动作
The hall echoed with the ringing voice of the children.
孩子们清脆的声音在大厅里回荡。
The hall was so crowded that we could not even get within earshot of the speaker.
礼堂里人很多，我们甚至无法挤到前面一点，听到发言人讲话。
The handwriting is strange to me.
这笔迹对我来说十分陌生。
The hard outer portion or surface area of bread.
面包皮面包的表面区域的硬皮
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
最难搞的是，当你送一大堆亲戚上火车回家之时如何隐瞒自己的感情。
The hat suit you very well.
这帽子你戴着很合适。
The head of the kindergarten has such a commanding voice that everyone there obeys her.
＂幼儿园园长的声音十分威严，所以大家都听她的话。＂
The healthful man can give counsel to the sick.
健康的人可以对生病的人提出忠告。
The heat have quite lay me out.
这酷热已使我精疲力竭了。
The heavy box strained the rope to a breaking point
那只沈重的箱子几乎把绳子拉断
The heavy work exhausted me.
粗重的工作使我筋疲力竭。
The hen is sitting.
母鸡所窝了。
The heroes of medicine.
医学界杰出人物
The high fashions designed in Paris are often quickly copied by makers of cheap clothing.
巴黎设计的新潮款式经常很快地就被便宜的成衣商仿制。
The highest official in certain cathedrals or collegiate churches.
教士长某些大教堂或牧师会中的最高神职人员
The hill is low.
这座小山很低。
The historian search for primary source of information about the past.
历史学家寻找有关过去的原始资料来源。
The holiday camp staff all wear yellow uniforms.
假日野营地的工作人员全都穿着黄色制服。
The home team were very good at the bat for six innings.
东道主队在6局中的击球打得十分出色。
The hooting of an owl broke the silence now and again, giving Linda the creeps.
猫头鹰的叫声不时打破寂静，使琳达心惊肉跳。
The horse answers to the slightest pull on the rein.
缰绳轻轻一动，这匹马就有反应。
The horse has a splash of white on its forehead.
这匹马的前额上有一块白斑。
The horse lashed out at me.
那匹马狠狠地踢了我一下。
The horse shied at the loud noise.
那马听到巨大的响声时惊得往后倒退。
The horse whisked its tail.
那匹马急速挥动尾巴。
The hospital bill make a big hole in his savings.
医疗费已用掉了他一大笔存款。
The host tell a joke to his guest to break the ice.
主人为了打破僵局，给客人讲了个笑话。
The hot pavement sent up shimmers.
晒热的道路浮起热气晃动的景象。
The hotel charged me￡15 for a room for the night.
那家旅馆一间住房每夜向我收费十五镑。
The hotel has run out of beer.
这饭店的啤酒已全部售完了。
The hotel is notorious for stinging your for good service.
这家旅馆以服务好而索要高价是有名的。
The hotel rate three crown in the guide.
在导游手册中，该饭店被列为三级皇冠。
The hounds will soon hunt down the stag.
猎狗不要多久就会追到那头牡鹿。
The house burnt up before the firemen got there.
屋子在救火人员赶到前就烧光了。
The house has been separated up into different flats.
这所房子已被分隔在几套不同的公寓房间。
The house is full this evening.
今晚剧场里都坐满了。
The house is sold for a price in the region of100, 000.
这所房子售价大约是100，000英镑。
The house needs repairing, but John can't run to it.
房子需要修理，但约翰在财力上办不到。
The house wa in a bad state of repair when he bought it.
当他买此住宅时，它处于很糟的维修状况。
The house was made out of stone.
这座房子是用石头建造的。
The house will sell for50, 000 dollars, as it stands.
这房子照现在情况要卖5万元。
The housing sales have been turning down since the summer.
自打夏季以来，房产买卖一直在滑坡。
The human brain contains several billion nerve cells, which are connected with one another by fine nerves.
人类的大脑含有几十亿个神经细胞，这些细胞由纤细的神经将彼此连接起来。
The hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries saw"a large cat" only five yards away from her.
捕捉这只美洲狮的行动是从一个小村子开始的，在那里有位采草莓的妇女曾看到一只“大山猫”离她只有五码远。
The hunters rode over the cornfield.
猎手们骑着马从麦田里走过去。
The hut is suffering from neglect.
那间小屋因无人看管而渐渐破损。
The ice will not bear.
这冰踩上去会破。
The idea never entered my head.
那种念头从未在我的脑海浮现过。
The idea that women can't do the same work as men went out with the do-do.
认为男人干的活女人干不，这种观念早就成为过时货了。
The idle young scamp is waiting for dead men's shoes, but his father won't die yet, he is too hale and hearty.
那个游手好闲的小流氓在等着继承遗产，但他父亲死不了，精神还好得很呢。
The immigration officer stamped my passport.
移民官员在我的护照上盖了戳。
The importance of his ideas is that they represent the unspoken opinion of the silent majority.
他的见解之所以重要，是因为他的见解代表着普通美国大众没有说出来的意见。
The incidence of cases of rape have increase over the last year.
强奸案的发案率在去年有所增加工厂。
The increase of production is evidence of that.
生产的增长就是这方面的例证。
The inexperienced young hopefuls were pushed aside in the scramble for places.
在求职竞争中，没有经验但年轻有为的人都给挤掉了。
The information produced by a computer from a specific input.
输出信号计算机从特定的输入中产生的信息
The initial talks were the base of the later agreement.
最初的会谈是后来达成协议的基础。
The ink won't rub out.
这种墨水擦也擦不掉。
The innocent need have no fear of the law.
钢刀虽快，不斩无罪之人。
The inspiration involved in composing poetry.
诗的灵感创作诗歌时感受到的灵感
The instruments used are all home-made.
所用的仪器都是国产的。
The insurance policy cover most damage but not fair wear and tear to the machine.
该保险单对大多数损坏投保但不保机器的自然损耗。
The interest deducted prior to purchasing, selling, or lending a commercial paper; the discount rate.
贴现率在购买、出售或贷款的商业票据前削减利息；贴现率
The interview went better than I thought it would. Sometimes I thought I caught a whiff of hostility in her answers but she behaved very reasonably on the whole.
面谈进行得比我原来想象的要好。有时我意识到她答语中有敌意，但总的看来，她举止极为得体。
The invaders made spoil of all in their way.
侵略者所到之处无不洗劫一空。
The inventor went broke because nobody would buy his machine.
这位发明家破产了因为没人要买他的机器。
The iron bar was heated till it glowed.
把铁条加热直到它发红。
The issue of tax reform became a political football.
税制改革这一问题成为备受人们争论的话题
The jargon of a particular group; cant.
黑话，行话某一特殊团体的行话；黑话
The jewels will be held in trust for the girl till she is twenty.
女孩的那些首饰将被托管到她二十岁为止。
The job is up for grabs. Why don't you apply now?
那工作谁都可以争取。你怎么不现在就申请呢？
The joint marked by such a projection.
肢关节长有这样突起部分的关节
The journalist did not want to reveal the identity of his informant.
那个新闻工作者不想透露消息提供人的身分。
The judge all concur in give john the prize.
评判员都同意把奖品给约翰。
The judge divorced the young couple.
法官判决这对青年夫妻离婚。
The judge quotes various cases in support of his opinion.
法官引证了各种案例来支持他的判决理由。
The judge summed up the case for the jury.
法官向陪审团概述案情。
The jukebox ground out an incessant stream of pop music.
自动电唱机没完没了地放送流行乐曲。
The jury convicted the accused man of theft and arson.
陪审团判决被告犯有偷窃和纵火罪。
The juvenile offender was released from custody on condition that he should find a job immediately and stay out of trouble for six months.
那个年轻的罪犯已从拘留所释放，条件是：他应该马上打一份工作，六个月内不得惹事生非。
The key question is in focus; why not reach a decision?
主要问题已非常明显，为何不作出结论呢？
The kidnapping caused an international incident.
这一绑架事件引起了国际纠纷。
The king can do no wrong.
国王不会犯罪。
The king said he could not make new laws if he was so hedged in by old ones.
国王说如果他如此受旧法律的眼制，他就不能制定新法律。
The kitchen's always so messy after we've had guests. Give me a hand to do it over, will you?
家里来了客人之后，厨房总是那么乱，请你帮助我们清扫一下好吗？
The knowledge or wisdom so acquired.
经验，教训这样获得的知识和智慧
The ladies like to spend hours in the free market, bargaining about the goods.
女士们喜欢在自由市场呆上很长时间，同货主们讨价还价。
The lake is ringed with willows.
该湖四周柳树环绕。
The land developer do a lot of under-the-table wheel and dealing.
那个土地开发投资人干了很多非法的交易。
The land of one with paramount title and absolute ownership.
领土具有最高所有权或绝对所有权的土地
The landlord thought that he could come over the farm hands one way or another. But he was grossly mistaken.
那个地主心想他总有办法去制服那些雇农。但是他大错特错了。
The large bird flapped its wings.
那只大鸟拍打着翅膀。
The largest landmass is usually divided into two"continents" along the Ural Mountains.
习惯上说，地球上最大的一块陆地是沿着乌拉尔山脉分为两大“洲”的。
The last goal evened up the score.
最后一球把比分拉平了。
The last speaker gives me the opening I am waiting for.
最后的发言者给了我等待已久的讲话机会。
The late arrival of the train messed up all our plans.
火车的误点把我们所有的计画都搞乱了。
The latest unemployment figures reflect badly on the government's policies.
最近的失业数字给政府的政策带来不良反响。
The law forbids the sale of alcohol to people under18.
法律禁止向18岁以下的人出售含有酒精的饮料。
The law still stands in force.
这条法律仍然有效。
The lawyer based his argument on the premise that people are innocent until they are proved to be guilty.
律师的论点所依据的前提是，人们在没有被证明有罪之前都是无罪的。
The lawyer refused to be drawn into such a shady case.
这位律师拒绝被拉入这种不明不白的事情中去。
The lazy student never do his homework on time.
这个懒惰的学生从没有按时做他的家庭作业。
The leaders bargained away the freedom of their people.
领导人拿人民的自由来做交易。
The leading man got laryngitis but his understudy stepped into the breach and gave an excellent performance.
演主角的男演员得了喉炎，不过他的替角代替了他，而且表演得极为出色。
The least noise would startle the timid child.
最小的响声也会吓着这个胆小的孩子的。
The leaves whirled in the wind.
树叶在风中飞舞。
The lecturer kindled my interest.
那演讲者引起了我的兴趣。
The legend of king arthur represent the apotheosis of chivalry.
亚瑟王的传说代表骑士精神的顶峰。
The length or width of a finger.
指长，指宽一手指的长度或宽度
The letter embodied all his ideas.
这封信表达了他的所有想法。
The letter was buried under the papers.
那封信被文件所盖没。
The lexicon of surrealist art.
超现实主义艺术的词汇
The lid flipped open.
盖子“啪”的一声打开了
The life history of the individual is first and foremost an accommodation to the patterns and standards traditionally handed down in his community.
个人的生活史，首先就是适应他的社团中祖祖辈辈传下来的行为模式和准则的历史。
The light from one side leaves half the subject's face in shadow.
因光线来自一边，画中人的脸有一半成为阴暗部分。
The lights in the harbour guided the ship to port.
海港的灯引导船只进入港口。
The line of flags was slung up between two trees.
一排旗帜悬挂在两棵树之间。
The lion devoured the deer.
狮子狼吞虎咽地把鹿吃了下去。
The liquid brown eyes of a spaniel.
猎獚清澄的褐色眼睛
The literary genre represented by novels.
以小说表出现的文学类型
The little boy flushed from fever.
小男孩发烧烧得脸通红。
The little boy is, flashing the light about to look for his toy oar in the garden.
小男孩正打着手灯在院子里四下寻找他的玩具车。
The little boy was knocked under the table.
小男孩子被打到桌子底下去了。
The little girl brushed the tears from her face.
这小女孩擦去她脸上的泪珠。
The little girl is pretty.
这个小女孩很漂亮。
The little girl tied the ribbon in a bow.
小女孩把饰带打成个蝴蝶结。
The little girl's unselfishness endeared her to the old lady, who gave her a ruby ring as a birthday present.
那老夫人喜爱小姑娘的无私，就送给她红宝石戒指作为生日礼物。
The living are more important to us than the dead.
对我们来说在世的人比去世的人更重要。
The lobster is a shellfish.
龙虾是水生贝壳动物。
The local newspaper reported very unfavourably on the strike.
地方报以纸非常不利地报道了这次罢工。
The locker room of an athletic team.
更衣室运动队有橱柜的房间
The long meeting wore on me.
冗长的会议使我厌倦。
The look on her face is enough to set you off!
她的面部表情就足以引人大笑！
The lorry was loaded with timber.
这辆卡车上装的是木材。
The lost child was led back by a people's policeman.
走失的孩子由一个人民警察领回来了。
The loveliest doll in the last analysis is merely sawdust.
说到底，最可爱的布娃娃也只不过是锯末做成的。
The lowering clouds threaten rain.
这阴霾的云层预示即将下雨。
The luminous intensity on unit area.
单位面积上的发光强度。
The machine feeds back everything you need to know.
这架机器可以把你所需要知道的全部材料再提供出来。
The machine sliced of thin rounds of copper into a bin.
这台机器将薄圆铜片切进箱子里。
The machine, however, failed on its trial run.
但这部机器的试车失败了解。
The magazine comes out once a month.
这个杂志一月出一期。
The magician produced a rabbit from a hat.
魔术师从一顶帽子里变出一只兔子。
The mailman's job, in all kinds of weather, is summed up in the phrase"Deliver the mail."
邮递员的工作，不论天气如何，概括地说来就是“送信”。
The main film start at8.15.
电影主片在八点一刻开始。
The main thing to remember is...
要记住的主要事实是。。。
The male members of a community or family.
男人社区或家庭的男性成员
The man become a shut- in since the death of his wife.
自从妻子去世後，这个男人就变成了个孤独的人。
The man didn't bat an eyelid when he was told his wife was very ill.
这人得知他妻子病重时，连眼睛都没有眨一下。
The man has imposed on you, because this machine is worthless.
这个人欺骗了你，因为这台机器毫无用处。
The man is having his breakfast.
那个男人正在吃早饭。
The man on the wall looked eagerly toward the sea.
城墙上的那个人急切地向大海张望。
The man smuggled a revolver into the prison.
那个男人把一支左轮枪偷偷带进监狱。
The man turned from Radical to Conservative.
这人从激进派变成了保守派。
The man was regarded as a danger to society.
这个人被视为社会上的危险人物。
The man who gets on best with women is the one who knows best how to get on without them.
跟女人们相处的最得其法的男人，也就是最懂得没有她们之时如何过活的人。
The man with the long beard fixed our attention.
那个长长胡须的人吸引了我们的注意力
The man's voice was rather low, and the most important part of what he had to say was stumbled over.
那个人的声音相当低，而且把他要讲的最重要的部分讲得吞吞吐吐。
The management wanted some250 workers to give up their present incentive pay, which would have cut their daily wages by about$5 a man.
资方想使250名工人放弃眼下的增产刺激金，这样每名工人的工资每天要减少5元。
The manager is angry about a whistle-blower among the workers.
经理对工人之中有打小报告的人感到生气。
The manager refused to let in the possibility of doubt.
经理不允许有任何怀疑的可能。
The manager's deputy filled in for her while she was off sick.
她生病不在期间，经理代理人临时代替了她。
The manner in which she received him was calculated to a nicety to seem cool without being uncivil.
她接待他时始终准确地把握好分寸，看似冷淡，却不失礼。
The manufacturers complained that they got a rough deal in the new contract with the city.
制造商们抱怨说，他们在与该市新签订的合同受到了不公平的待遇。
The march of time leaves its print on all of us.
时光的流逝会给我们每个人都打下印记。
The market have not recover from the rise in oil price.
市场还未从上涨的石油价格中得到恢复。
The marketing director is the latest addition to the board.
董事会中最新增加的成员是销售经理。
The mass of faces pressed closer. Walling him in.
许许多面孔越来越逼近，把他团团围住。
The match seems to be an open one.
这场比赛看来胜负未定。
The material so presented.
背诵的诗文背诵表演的材料
The matter appeared at first view of little moment.
这件事乍看起来不怎么重要。
The matter so evacuated.
粪便肠排泄出的物体
The mayor bucked at the school board's suggestion.
市长坚决反对教育委员会的建议。
The mayoral election is held annually.
市长选举每年都会举行
The meaning of a word is determined by its actual use in a sentence.
字的意义要由它在句子中的实际用法来确定。
The meat has been paid for.
肉钱已经付了。
The mechanical device that moves something, usually read/write head.
一种机械装置，用于移动诸如读写磁头之类的部件。
The medieval system, principles, and customs of knighthood.
骑士制度中世纪的骑士制度，道德准则及其习俗
The meeting examined the work of the past period and set tasks for the period ahead.
会议审议了前时期的工作，规定了下阶段的任务。
The meeting is over.
会议开完了。
The meeting was arranged for March1, but has been put back to March20.
会议原定于3月1日召开，但延期到3月20日去了。
The meeting will go smoothly if the chairman keeps his temper.
如果主席不发火，会议就会开得顺利。
The members of one's family or childhood household; one's relatives.
亲属某家庭或童年家庭的成员；某人的亲属
The men fell back to previously prepared positions.
士兵们退到事先准备好的阵地。
The men took heart from their leader's words and went on to win the battle.
人们从领袖的话中得到了鼓励，继续为赢得这场战役而战。
The menu will expand to show four preset positions and preset1 will automatically be highlighted.
此菜单会展开显示四个预置位置，Preset1将自动变后。
The message was written in pencil.
这信是用铅笔写的。
The method or result of concealing personnel or equipment from an enemy by making them appear to be part of the natural surroundings.
伪装，掩饰通过使人或设施看起来像自然环境的一部分来隐藏他们不被敌人觉察的方法或结果
The middle of the calendar or academic year.
年中，学年中期一年或一学年的中期
The mile run left Bill out of breath.
一英里赛跑，跑得比尔上气不接下气。
The milk is on the turn.
牛奶正在变酸。
The milkman's gone off with my wife.
送牛奶的拐走了我的妻子。
The miners stayed out for half a month.
矿工们罢了半个月的工。
The minister called a press conference as soon as the result was known.
结果一见分晓，部长立即举行了记者招待会。
The minister made an undignified retreat from his earlier position.
那部长很不光彩地背离了他原先的立场。
The minister's enemies engineered his ruin.
部长的敌人密谋陷害他。
The mirror flew to pieces.
镜子打得粉碎。
The mist has clouded the windows over.
雾气使窗户变得模糊了。
The model glider looks fine, although the only way we an really put it to the test is to see if it will fly.
滑翔机模型看上去很好，但是我们真正能检验它的唯一办法是看它是否能飞。
The molecules of a gas are moving about extremely fast in all directions.
气体的分子非常迅速地向四面八方运动着。
The money in itself meant nothing to them.
这钱本身对他们来说是没有什么价值的。
The money will just go round.
钱刚够（分配）。
The monument was erected in honour of the soldiers who died for the country.
这座纪念碑是纪念为国牺牲的士兵而建立的。
The moon orbits Earth.
月球围着地球运转
The more Brian tried to explain why he was late the more he tied himself in knots.
布赖恩越想解释他为什么迟到，结果越使人对他不理解。
The more we think the happy life of today, the more we just ardently love socialism.
我们越想今天的幸福生活，我们就越热爱社会主义。
The most difficult character in comedy is the fool, and he must be no fool who plays that part.
喜剧里最难的角色是傻子[丑角]，而且扮傻子的又不能是傻子。
The motel business went to pot when the new highway was built.
这条新公路建成后，汽车旅馆的生意冷落了下来。
The mother gave way and cried bitterly.
这位妈妈忍不住痛哭起来。
The mother pointed out the man in the moon to her little boy.
母亲把月中人影指给她的小孩子看。
The mother was hoping against hope that her dying son would be better.
母亲对病危的儿子病情好转仍怀着一线希望。
The motion was laid on the table owing to their objection.
由于他们的反对，该议案被搁置起来了。
The motorcyclist had a brush with danger as he skidded round the bend.
摩托车驾驶员在道路弯曲处打滑了，差一点出了危险。
The mountain rose up in a steep wall of rock.
这座山高而陡，形成一道岩石屏障。
The mouth of a fool boils forth follies.
蠢人嘴里说出来的尽是蠢话。
The movement was sudden; but he who watched her was not thrown off the guard by it.
这个动作是突然的，可是盯着她的人并没有因此而放松警惕。
The movie was just another bit of fluff from Hollywood.
这部电影不过是好莱坞的又一闹剧
The murder bullet was shot from this very gun.
罪恶的子弹正是从这支枪里射出的。
The murderer was given a life sentence.
杀人凶手被判无期徒刑。
The museum's financial debt had been wiped out.
博物馆的债务已经还清了。
The music produced by a pipe when played.
管乐器音乐，风笛声吹奏的管乐器发出的乐声
The myriad fish in the ocean.
海洋中数不胜数的鱼
The name of Nero is associated with cruelty.
尼禄的名字使人联想到残忍。
The nation is on a war footing.
全国实行战时体制。
The natives make excellent boats from tree trunks.
土著人用树干制作上好的木船。
The naughty boy made a face at his teacher when she turned her back.
老师转过身去，那个淘气的男孩就冲她做了个鬼脸。
The near future.
最近不远的将来
The negotiations struck a snag when the union leaders asked for paid holidays in addition to the usual wage increase.
当工会领袖们要求在通常的工资增加之外还应有带薪假日时，商谈遇到了阻碍。
The net measure of this property possessed by a body or contained in a bounded region of space.
静电荷物体所带有的或一固定区域空间内含有的净电荷
The new arrival was a large healthy baby.
新生的婴儿又大又健康。
The new car is being launched with a nationwide sale campaign.
新型汽车以开展全国的销售活动投放市场。
The new class of warship was built to hand out the punishment.
这条新等级战舰是为了痛击敌人而建造的。
The new director will shake up the company.
这位新董事长将对该公司进行改组。
The new film has not been a great success, to put it mildly.
说得婉转些，这部新电影不太成功。
The new houses are fine but the slums that still exist are the other side of the coin.
那些新房子很漂亮，但仍然存在贫民窟则是问题的另一方面。
The new law was in a measure harmful.
新的法律在某种程度上说是有害的
The new manager blundered away most of the firm's profits.
新经理由于失策使公司损失了大部分利润。
The new monitor apparatus is automatically controlled.
这套新的监护仪是自动控制的。
The new play will be much better if the comedian slicks up his act.
要是那位喜剧家改进一下表演，这出新戏将更为精彩。
The new question drove out all others.
这个新问题使人们把其它问题都丢开了。
The new schedule come into operation on June1st.
新的日程表是从６月1日开始实行的。
The new spirit caught on in spite of age-old tradition.
尽管有千百年传统的影响，新精神还是深得人心。
The new tax laws affect most people.
新税则影响到大多数人。
The new theory was set up by a young scientist.
这个新理论是一位年轻科学家提出来的。
The new young singer walked off with the show; the crowd weren't interested in anyone else.
那年轻的新歌手成了那次演出的焦点，人们几乎对别人没有丝毫的兴趣了。
The news came out that king was very ill.
国王病重的消息传开了。
The news greatly surprised them.
这消息使他们大为吃惊。
The news moved her profoundly. She immediately asked to go to the front.
这消息使她深受感动，她立即要求到前线去。
The news of their arrest shook the country.
他们被捕的消息震动了全国。
The news soon found its way to many people.
很快很多人就知道了这个消息。
The news that his daughter had married a criminal turned his brain.
他的女儿和罪犯结婚的消息使他精神失常了。
The news was very pleasing to us.
那消息使我们非常愉快。
The newspaper lay unopened beside him. Watching the world go by was sufficient entertainment on a fine evening.
报纸放在他身边没有打开。在一个美好的夜晚看看周围的风景，也就够快乐的了。
The newspaper warped his story.
该报扭曲了他的话。
The next contestant surprised me. She made139 jumps in half a minute.
下一个参加比赛的人使我吃惊，她在半分钟之中跳了139下（指跳绳）。
The next morning I found the shoots standing up straight, not bit damaged.
第二天早上我发现秧苗挺立着，一点也没损坏。
The next time Ben delivered milk, I told him I had a way to make him feel better about the$79.
下一次，本送牛奶来，我告诉他我有办法使他对那79元感觉好过一些。
The nice thing about Sally is that she can always see the joke. I couldn't bear working with a person who didn't have a sense of humour.
萨莉的可爱之处是她总能看出有些事情好笑。如果同一个缺乏幽默感的人在一起工作，我就受不了啦。
The ninth letter of the Greek alphabet.
阿尔塔希腊字母表中的第九个字母
The noise interfere with my work.
噪音干扰我的工作。
The noise struck terror into their hearts.
那声音使他们心里产生恐惧。
The noodles are done to death.
这面条煮得太烂了。
The notorious thief will be put up for trial next week.
那个臭名昭著的偷窃犯将于下周出庭受审。
The novel received great acclaim.
这本小说备受赞扬。
The number has been changed to56262314.
电话号码已经营改为56262314。
The number of feet in a mile.
一英里的英尺总数
The number of units of useful information contained within a linear dimension, usually expressed in units per inch.
在一单位长度内包含的有用信息单位数。通常用每英寸多少单位表示。
The nurse as comforter of the sick.
作为疾病安慰者的护士
The nurse turn the old man over to wash his back.
护士给老人翻个身擦洗後背。
The nutritive tissue that is derived from the nucleus and surrounds the embryo of the seed.
外胚乳包在种子胚芽外，产生于细胞核的营养性组织
The observances of the Church concerning feasts and fasts are tolerably well kept since the rich keep the feasts and the poor the fasts.
教会有关节日宴会与禁食的仪式遵守得相当好，因为富人遵守节日宴会而穷人则遵守禁食。
The odd sight aroused our curiosity.
奇怪的景象激起我们的好奇
The offer is open for three days.
该报盘有效期为三天。
The office is asking for the vat papers.
办事处要有关增值税的文件。
The office or position of a judge.
法官官衔，法官职位
The office, function, or authority of one who governs or of a governing body.
政府行使统治或管理职能的机关、职能部门或当局
The officer made the soldiers mark time as a punishment.
那位军官让士兵们原地踏步以示惩罚。
The official currency, coins, and negotiable paper notes issued by a government.
通货由政府发行的官方货币、铸币和可转让纸币
The oil from this plant or a preparation made from it, used as a flavoring.
椒薄荷油由此种植物制成的油，用做调味品
The old actor made a successful comeback after twenty years.
那位老演员二十年后卷土重来，马到成功。
The old car was given to the dogs.
那辆旧车给扔掉了。
The old curmudgeon found a new scapegoat and that let me out.
那个老守财奴找到一个新的替罪羊，这样我就脱身了。
The old gentleman is quite generous to the poor.
那位老绅士对穷人非常大方。
The old lady dug her heels in and refused to sell her house to the developers—at any price.
此老妇固执己见，拒绝以任何价格将其房屋出售给开发者们。
The old lady notified the crime of the police.
那位老妇人向警察报了案。
The old letters brought back many happy recollections.
这些旧信使人想起许多愉快的往事。
The old man died of apoplexy.
这位老人因中风死去。
The old man has to ask a literate to read the letter his son write him.
这位老人得找个能识字的人来读儿子来的信。
The old man lived a simple life.
这老人过着简朴的生活。
The old man rasped out a warning.
那老头没好气地提出警告。
The old man stuffed his pipe with tobacco and then went on telling his adventures.
老人把烟斗装满烟丝，然后接着讲述他的奇遇。
The old man was really cross when Jane broke his window.
简打碎了那老人的玻璃窗，使他大发脾气。
The old man's reached the crisis in his illness.
老人的病情已到了关键阶段。
The old people sit talking or play cards, or simply watch the sound and fury of the"activity area."
老年人或坐着谈话或玩纸牌或干脆观看“活动区”的热闹场面。
The old story was worked over for television.
那个古老的故事被改编为电视节目。
The old well was getting dry, so he had to put down a new one.
那口老井渐渐干枯了，所以他不得不挖一口新井。
The old woman wheezed out a greeting, then began to cry.
那位老妇气喘吁吁地打了个招呼，就开始哭了。
The older women in the town looked askance at what the young people were doing.
镇上上了年纪的女人用怀疑的目光看着年轻人所做的一切。
The one on your right.
你右边的那个。
The only error you shall receive back is from the dts clerk on the digital machine.
应该接收回来的唯一错误来自于Digital机上的DTS职员机。
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on; it is never of any use to oneself.
处理好忠告的唯一方法是，把它传递给别人；反正对自己是没啥用处的嘛。
The only way to cure backache is to rest.
治疗背痛的唯一办法是休息。
The opening of a new university.
一所新大学的启用典礼。
The operation give him back the use of his leg.
他手术後双腿恢复了功能。
The opinion derived from such an evaluation.
诊断结果由这种评价取得的结论
The opposition member's request for an enquiry has placed the government in a difficult position, especially just before the election.
反对派成员要求进行调查，这使政府的处境很难，尤其是在即将举行的选举之前。
The orange curtains jar with the red furniture.
这橙色窗帘与红色的家具不协调。
The order No.105 is so urgently required that we have to ask you to speed up shipment.
第105号订单所订货物我们要急用，请你们加快装船速度。
The ordinal number matching the number15 in a series.
第十五在一系列中排在第十五的序数
The organization tapered off in about a year.
这个组织在一年左右的时间里逐步停止了活动。
The other boxer put Jim out in the third round.
第三个回合拳击手将吉姆打昏了。
The other racers knew they couldn't catch Michael if he got too big a head start.
其他参赛者知道，如果一开始让迈克尔依靠太多的话，他们就追不上了。
The out-come is doubtful.
结果难以预料。
The outlaw pulled out a dagger and bade defiance to the policemen.
那名歹徒拔出匕首，悍然与警察对抗。
The overall composition of the picture is good but some of the detail are distract.
这幅画的构图不错，但有些细微处稍嫌喧宾夺主。
The owner of the theatre thinks that investing in any musical comedy is a sure thing these days.
剧院老板认为，当今为任何一部喜剧投资都是必然会赚钱的事。
The oxygen react vigorously with the impurity in the iron.
氧气与铁中的杂质发生剧烈的化学反应。
The pagoda built in the Ming Dynasty is still in good repair.
建于明代的那座塔现在还完好无损。
The paint had been rubbed away from the arms of the chair.
那张椅子扶手上的油漆已经被磨掉了。
The paint's beginning to flake off.
油漆开始成薄片状剥落。
The painting that used to pass for a Ming product was later proved to be an imitation.
那幅原来被人看作是明代作品的画，后来证明是仿制品。
The pan must have been brushed up just now;it is so bright and clean.
这个平锅这么亮且干净，想必是刚刚清洗过。
The papers blew off.
文件被风吹走了。
The paratroops descended on the village and took it in a matter of minutes.
伞兵部队在村庄上空降落，在几分钟时间里就把它攻取下来。
The park was sweet with roses.
公园飘着玫瑰花香。
The part of a garment, especially of a pair of trousers, that covers the leg.
（衣着的）脚部衣物的一部分，尤指裤子覆盖双腿的那一部分
The part of a parachute that opens up to catch the air.
伞衣降落伞打开以获得空气浮力的部分
The part of day from noon until sunset.
下午一天中从中午到日落间的时段
The part or side below or under.
下部，底部下面的部分或边缘
The partner in bridge who exposes his or her hand to be played by the declarer.
明手桥牌中定约人的搭档，即把所持牌亮出的人
The party is absolutely together on this issue.
该党在这一问题上意见完全一致。
The party scouted out the enemy force only three miles away.
特遣队发现了仅距，3英里远的敌军。
The party was voted a success.
公众一致认为这个党已取得胜利。
The passenger- and cargo-carrying part of an aircraft, ship, or other vehicle.
机身，船体飞机、轮船或其它运输工具装载乘客和货物的部分
The path leads to a hill bare of vegetation.
这条小道通向一座没有草木的小山。
The path was blockaded by snow.
道路让雪堵塞了。
The patient is as good as cured.
这病人实际已经治好了。
The patient twisted about in pain.
病人因痛苦而翻滚。
The patrolman signed for them to halt.
巡逻警察做手势要他们停下。
The peak loomed up before us.
山峰赫然耸现在我们面前。
The penalty clause was hidden in the small print.
惩罚条款印在不起眼的小号字体部分。
The people are yammering for bread.
人们呼喊着要面包。
The people in our neighborhood are sending a round robin to the Air Force to protest the nice the jet planes make flying over our house.
我们这一带的居民在向空军部队递交一份有环形签名的抗议书，就喷气式飞机飞越我们住宅上空时产生的噪音问题提出抗议。
The people poured back into the building when they head the fire alarm.
一听到火警警报，人们就纷纷涌回到大楼里。
The people's commune laid down another20 mu in( to, with, under) grass.
这个人民公社在另外二十亩土地上种上了牧草。
The performance truly exalted the audience.
演出确使观众情绪高昂。
The period in which man learnt to make tools of iron is called the Iron Age.
人类学会用铁制造工具的时代称为铁器时代。
The person I want wasn't there.
我要找的人没在。
The pests spread quickly in these regions and there was a shortage of labour.
虫害在这些地区迅速蔓延，劳动力又很紧张。
The phone go dead.
电话打不通了。
The phrase"secret diplomacy" has long been a red rag to American public opinion.
“秘密外交政策”的说法长期以来引起了美国公众的愤怒。
The piano concerto was wonderfully rendered.
这首钢琴协奏曲演奏得很好。
The pictorial representation and manipulation of data, as used in computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacture, in typesetting and the graphic arts, and in educational and recreational programs.
图形，制图数据的图形显示和操作，如用于计算机辅助设计和计算机辅助制造、排字、版画作品、和教育及娱乐程序
The picture was framed in, light oak.
照片镶在一个橡木镜框里。
The pig pen needs doing out.
猪圈需要打扫了。
The pilot brought his crippled plane down in a field.
驾驶员把失灵的飞机降落在田地里。
The pilot rated the airplane's performance in high winds.
飞行员在强风中加大了飞机的功率
The pipe does not draw well.
这烟斗不大畅通。
The pitch of a voice or other sound.
声高嗓音或其他声音的音高
The place have indeed the bareness that do not suggest hide treasure.
这地方的空无确实不会让人联想到任何暗藏的财宝。
The place was filling rapidly.
这地方很快就挤满了人。
The place, I hear, has greatly changed.
这地方听说发生了很大的变化。
The plan fits us very nicely.
这份计划对我们非常合适。
The plan is the product of many days of careful thinking.
这个计划是许多天仔细考虑的成果。
The plan was doomed to failure.
该计画注定失败。
The plane climbed and lined out east.
飞机爬升后向东飞去。
The plane holds250 passengers.
那架飞机可乘坐２５０人。
The plane spiraled the airport before.
飞机降落前在机场上空盘旋。
The plane was full of holiday-makers.
飞机上满是度假的乘客。
The planes formed up over the airfield.
飞机在机场上空排成队列。
The plant has not struck root yet.
那棵植物还没生根。
The plastic is light, but the lead is heavy.
塑料是轻的，但铅是重的。
The plausibility of her alibi
她申辩不在现场言之凿凿
The play is a riot when it was first produced on Broadway.
这个剧本在百老汇首演时极为轰动。
The play represents to those watching it, the inner struggle in a man's mind between duty and doubt.
这场戏向观众揭示出了人们内心深处的思想斗争；既想履行责任，但又顾虑重重。
The play was taken off because of severe criticism.
由于遭到严厉批评，该剧停演了。
The player was all on wires that time.
那个运动员当时紧张急了。
The plot gets more involved.
情节变得更曲折离奇。
The plural societies of the world.
世界上各种各样的社会
The poet turned to the left, I walked behind him.
诗人向左走去，而我在后面跟着。
The point of an orbit around the moon farthest from the moon's center.
远月点绕月轨道上离月亮中心最远的一点
The point, especially the level of sales of a good or service, at which the return on investment is exactly equal to the amount invested.
盈亏平衡点尤指在出售货物或服务的水平上，投资的收益与投资的数量恰好相等的一点
The police are always hounding me.
警方一直在追捕我。
The police are scouring the woods for the missing child.
警察正在搜索森森，寻找那个丢失的小孩。
The police began-ling the demonstrators.
警察开始粗暴地对待示威者。
The police chief criticize the council's stand on law and order.
警察批评了委员会对法律和秩序的立场。
The police estimated the number of demonstrators at about2000.
警察估计示威游行的人数大约为2000人。
The police found no suspicious document whatsoever.
警察未发现任何可怀疑的文件。
The police handle the traffic very efficiently.
警察把交通管得井井有条。
The police have hauled Jack before the court on a charge of drunken driving.
警方以酒后开车的罪名把杰克提交法庭审判。
The police imputes the rise in crime to high unemployment.
警方把犯罪增加的原因归咎於失业率太高。
The police made several arrests.
警察逮捕了好几个人。
The police put a watch on the suspect's house.
警方派人监视那个可疑人的住宅。
The police said the death was an accident, but others are sure there is more in it than meets the eye.
警察说这是事故造成的死亡，但是人们认为事情远非这样简单。
The police tested the room for bugs.
警察检查那房间，看看是否装有窃听器。
The police went into the man's story to see if he was telling the truth.
警察仔细研究了这个人的交代，以了解他说的是否是实话。
The police were waiting for the hooligan as they piled out of the train.
那些流氓从火车上纷纷下来，警察早已在那儿等着他们了。
The policeman filled out a parking ticket.
警察填好一张违章停车罚款单。
The policeman passed from house to house.
那名警察挨家挨户巡逻。
The policeman took the burglar by surprise as he opened the window.
当窃贼开窗子的时候，警察冷不防地捉住了他。
The policemen bundled the criminals into a police car.
警察们把罪犯塞进了一辆警车。
The political conversation was very tumultuous; but the senator, by his speech, cast oil on the troubled water.
那场政治会谈的气氛非常激烈，但这位参议员的发言使气氛和缓下来。
The politician was playing a deep game.
那名政客在耍诡计花招。
The pond's frozen over. We shall have some skating soon.
池塘已经结冰，我们很快就可以滑冰了。
The poor children nestled up together for warmth.
这些可怜的孩子依偎在一块取暖。
The poor little girl quivered with cold.
那可怜的女孩冷得发抖。
The poor old man must be got away from his hard work for a rest.
必须帮助这位可怜的老人摆脱他繁重的工作去休息一下。
The pop group raced for their car, pursued by fans in full cry.
流行歌手朝著他们的汽车跑去，後面跟著一群狂呼乱叫的歌迷。
The population of the village is slowly sinking.
这个村庄的人口正在慢慢减少。
The portrait of her mother is her most prized possession.
她母亲的这张肖像是她最珍爱的物品。
The position or height of such a line or plane.
水平高度水平线或水平面的位置或高度
The positive or negative character of a proposition.
命题的性质命题的肯定或否定的性质
The poster on the window read:5% reduction on all refrigerators, washing-machines and vacuum cleaners. Many other household appliances at cut-throat prices.
贴在窗上的海报写着：所有的电冰箱、洗衣机和吸尘哭降价5％，许多其它家用电器也赔血本出售。
The pound have fall-en against a basket of European currency.
与一揽子欧洲货币相比英镑以下跌。
The power or freedom to choose.
选择的自由选择的权利或选择的自由
The practice and doctrines of voodoo.
伏都教义，巫术信仰伏都教的施行和教义
The practice or principle of refusing to resort to force even in defense against violence.
不主张武力即使是抵抗暴力也拒绝使用武力的实践或原则
The predominant influence of one state over others.
统治权一国对于他国之支配权力
The presence of viruses in the bloodstream.
病毒血症血液中出现病毒的症状
The president called on the citizens to work hard for national unity.
总统号召公民们为了国家的统一而努力工作。
The president stated that his country would not tolerate anybody who raised a hand against their allies.
总统宣布说，他的国家不能容忍任何威胁要攻击其盟国的人。
The president's wife was always at his elbow whenever an important decision had to be taken.
凡要做出重大决定时，总统夫人总是不离左右，随时给他提出建议。
The prettiest girls at the dance were grabbed off for partners first.
舞会中最漂亮的女子都被抢先邀作舞伴。
The price include bed and continental breakfast.
这价钱包括床铺和大陆式早餐。
The price of coffee has been rising and falling, but has now stabilized.
咖啡的价格一直时涨时跌，但现在已稳定了。
The price of vegetables, houses, land
蔬菜、房屋、土地的价格
The prices in that restaurant are absolutely ruinous.
那家饭馆的价钱贵得能把人坑死。
The priest sings Mass.
牧师吟唱弥撒曲。
The prince fall in love with a fair young maiden.
王子爱上了一位美丽的年轻少女。
The principal is busy at his desk, you'd better leave him alone.
校长正忙于桌上的工作，你最好别打扰他。
The principal talked to the students about being on time, and most of them got the word.
校长向学生们讲话，叫他们注意守时，大部分的学生都能领会他的意思。
The printer can set this additional page in here.
这位印刷工把这额外的一页加在这里。
The prisoner had to be remanded for a week while the missing witness was found.
在寻找失踪的证人期间，罪犯得被关押一周。
The prisoner tried to barter with the guards for their freedom.
囚犯企图跟看守做换取自由的交易。
The prisoners paid the guards to connive at their escape.
囚犯们贿赂看守，使看守默许他们越狱。
The prize is a tangible testimony that she has gotten a germ of write ability.
这个奖是一个具体的证明，说明她具有创作才能。
The problem is the world population is growing fast.
问题是世界人口正在快速增长。
The procedure for inspecting goods and baggage entering a country.
海关检查在货物和行李进入某个国家时进行检查的程序
The process of being heaved upward.
被举起被往上举起的过程
The process of habituating or the state of being habituated.
成为习惯养成习惯的过程或养成习惯的状态
The process of reading data from or writing data to a file.
从文件中读数据或向文件中写数据的过程。
The process or condition of worsening or degenerating.
恶化，变坏恶化或变坏的状况或过程
The product has only been on the market ten days and we are already getting reorders.
这种产品上市仅十天，而我们已不断收到再订购单。
The professor rose to the fly with a charming simplicity.
教授因他可爱的单纯而上了圈套。
The programs will be beamed to Mainland China.
这些节目将对中国大陆播放。
The project jumped off with great enthusiasm but interest flagged during the summer.
这项计划刚开始的时候，人们热情洋溢；但到了夏天，人们的兴趣就消退了
The promoters matched the young boxer with a more skillful fighter.
发起人安排这位年轻的拳击选手同一位更老练的拳击手比赛。
The property or manner of approaching a limit, such as a point, line, surface, or value.
收敛接近某一极限（如点、线、面或值等）的性质或方式
The proposal is voted down.
该建议被否决。
The prosecution tried to discredit their opponent in the case.
起诉方努力使诉讼案中的对手丧失名誉。
The provisions of the will tied her hands.
遗嘱的规定把她束缚住了。
The public is wonderfully tolerant—it forgives everything except genius.
世人是宽大得惊人的——除天才而外，他们宽恕一切。
The pull of gravity depends upon size, or, more accurately, upon mass.
引力的拉力取决于物体的大小，或者更确切地说，取决于质量。
The pupils that had been watching started to applaud.
一直在一旁观看的小学生们开始鼓起掌来。
The purported author of the story.
这个故事传说中的作者
The quality is all right, but the style is a bit outdated.
质量无问题，只是式样有点过时。
The quality or condition of being fortuitous.
偶然性，偶然偶然发生的性质或状态
The quality or condition of being musical.
悦耳美妙动听的特征或者状态
The quality or condition of being vulgar.
庸俗，粗俗庸俗的品质或环境
The quality or state of being particular rather than general.
特征性，特殊特殊而非普通的性质或状态
The quantity produced; yield.
产量生产出的数量；产量
The queen fared forth, attended by all her servants and many carriages.
女王起驾，有全体仆人及众多的车辆随同。
The question is now under consideration.
这个问题正在考虑之中。
The question of how many souls exist in heaven is academic.
天堂里有多少灵魂这一问题纯属空谈。
The question whether he will join us is uncertain.
他是否叁加的问题还没有确定。
The quiet point, Tom!
安静点，汤姆！
The rabbits scampered away as we approached.
我们一走近就把兔子吓跑了。
The racket used in various games, such as table tennis or racquets.
球拍用于各种运动的球拍，如乒乓球和网球的球拍
The radius of a circle described by a crank, cam, or similar machine part.
（曲轴的）半径曲柄、凸轮或类似机器部件形成的圆的半径
The railway service to our village is no longer economic.
为我们村子提供铁路服务已无利可图。
The rain has been drizzling down all the afternoon.
已经下了一个下午的毛毛雨了。
The rain kept pouring down.
雨哗啦哗啦地下个不停。
The rain raised the river two meters above normal.
雨水使得这条河水位超出标准两米。
The raindrop falls on my face.
雨点落在我的脸上。
The rank or office of a bishop.
教皇的地位或身份
The rate be5 per hour.
每小时收费5英镑。
The ratio of the size of an image to the size of an object.
放大率图像的尺寸和实物尺寸之间的比率
The reactionary rulers found it very difficult to bring the oppressed natives under.
反动统治者发现要征服那些被压迫的当地人是很困难的。
The really put up a good show.
他们表演确实不错。
The reason he gave for his absence is obviously fabricated.
他提出的缺席理由显然是瞎编的。
The rebels were quickly brought under.
叛乱分子很快都被镇压下去了。
The recent statement of the president forecast a change in the situation.
总统最近的一次讲话预示着形势将有所变化。
The recording can be erased and the tape used again.
＂录音可以抹去，磁带可以再用。＂
The reduction in size of components and circuits for increasing package density and reducing power dissipation and signal propagation delays.
减少元件和电路的几何尺寸，以达到增加电路的封装密度、减少功耗和减小信号传播延迟的目的。
The refusal of the actor turned all our arrangements for the performance topsy-turvy.
那个演员拒绝出台把我们整个演出安排都搞乱了。
The region to be researched has been traced out.
要搜索的区域已经划了出来。
The relative degree of mixture with a base metal; fineness.
成色，纯度和基本金属的相对混合程度；纯度
The removal of blood, usually from a vein, as a therapeutic measure.
放血放血，静脉切开放血，作为测量治疗效果的一个方法
The repayments of the loan are spread over25 years.
这笔贷款分摊二十五年偿还。
The report is on mammalian thermoregulation.
那份报告是有关哺乳动物的体温调节。
The reporter had a red-hot story.
那个记者掌握著最新消息。
The reports contradict each other.
这些报告相互矛盾。
The research project was only a partial success.
那个研究课题只取得部分成功。
The resolution was approved82 to16 with18 abstentions.
决议以八十二票对十六票通过，十八票弃权。
The rest of the money is invested in gilt.
其余的钱投资于金边证券。
The restaurant stung him for1000 yuan.
这家饭店诈了他1000元。
The result obtained by multiplying a quantity by a percent.
成数通过增加一个百分比的数而得到的结果
The results have gone beyond our hopes.
结果超出了我们的期望。
The return received on an investment after all charges have been paid.
净利所有的费用都付清后投资所得的回报
The rice crop this year is15 percent above the average.
今年的稻米产量高于往年平均产量的百分之十五。
The rich people often migrate in winter to Florida.
有钱的人常在冬季搬迁到佛罗里达州去。
The right and power to act, believe, or express oneself in a manner of one's own choosing.
独立自主自己独立选择行为、信仰和言论的权利和能力
The right to employ this procedure.
罢免权行使这种程序的权力
The rioter misinterpret the instructions of the police.
暴徒们错误地解释了警察的指示。
The rising sun threw shadows across the lawn. We threw sheets over the furniture before we painted the ceiling.
初升的太阳在草坪上投下了阴影。我们在油漆天花板之前先用纸把家俱盖上
The river divides the city into two parts.
河水把城市分成了两部分。
The river is rising after the rain.
下过雨之后，河水上涨了。
The river turns north at this point.
这条河从这里转向北方。
The road ahead was flooded so we had to double back.
前面的路已遭水淹，我们只好原路折回。
The road has been closed off for repairs.
这条公路因维修而禁止通行。
The road ran straight for several miles.
这条路笔直有好几英里长。
The road to success is filled with women pushing their husband along.
走向成功的大道上，充满了一路给丈夫们打气的女性。
The road was wet and slippery, so Mr Reed slowed down the car.
路又湿又滑，因此里德先生减低了车速。
The robber snatched the pursed out of the woman's hands.
抢动者从那个女人手中把钱包抢走了。
The robbers weighted the box down with stones and dropped it into the river.
盗贼们用石头压住箱子，把它沉到江里去了。
The rogue passed it off as genuine.
那坏蛋拿它以假乱真。
The roof needs mending again, the rain has been seeping in recently.
屋顶又需要修了，最近雨水一直往里渗。
The room doesn't seem to be lived in.
这间屋子似乎没有人住在里面。
The room is the bigger of the two.
这房间是两间中较大的。
The room swam around me.
房间绕着我旋转。
The room was in a mess.
屋子乱得一塌糊涂。
The root of this plant, eaten as a vegetable.
芜菁根这种植物的根，作为蔬菜食用
The rose sends out strong fragrance.
玫瑰散发出浓郁的香味。
The rounded posterior portion of the human foot under and behind the ankle.
踵，脚跟人踝关节后下部分的脚的后部呈圆形的部分
The royalty rate shall be calculated in proportion to the net sale of the product turn out with the transferred technology.
提成率应按照采用转让技术生产出来的产品纯销售额的一定比例来计算。
The rule is that someone must be on duty at all times.
按照规定，任何时候均需有人值班。
The ruling body of English and Welsh barrister.
英格兰和威尔士对高级律师管理的组织。
The runner was retired put out at first base.
跑垒者于第一垒上被刺杀出局。
The rust must be filled in so that traffic can pass.
必须把这些车辙填平，以便车辆通过。
The sailboat keeled over in the storm.
帆船在风暴中倾覆了。
The sailors hove the anchor overboard.
那些水手们把锚投入海中。
The sale department makes an accurate forecast of sale.
销售部门做了一项准确的销售预测。
The sales figures speak for themselves; what a successful year this has been.
销售额已足以说明问题；今年我们是多么成功。
The salesman tried to lead me on with talk of amazing savings on heating bill.
推销员竭力怂恿我，说可以节省一大笔取暖费用。
The same applies to the Spanish-speaking countries in Latin-America.
拉丁美洲讲西班牙语的国家，情况也如此。
The sand blew into the food and made it gritty.
砂吹进食物中，里边尽是砂子。
The savage king put all the prisoners to the sword.
野蛮的国王屠杀了所有的俘虏。
The scar of poverty have leave their mark.
贫穷的创伤留下了印记。
The scene is laid in a village far from the city.
故事发生在远离城市的一个小村庄里。
The scenery is beautiful near the Pacific Ocean.
靠近太平洋的地区，风景很美丽。
The scheme is still on the anvil.
这计划尚在筹划中。
The school has only been open for six months, so it's too early to evaluate its success.
这所学校开办还不过六个月，所以要对它的成绩作出评价为时尚早。
The school's audio-visual apparatus includes a new set of multi-media device, not to mention films, records, etc.
这所中学的视听设备包括一套新的多媒体装置，更不用说电影、录音等设备了。
The science of life and of living organisms, including their structure, function, growth, origin, evolution, and distribution. It includes botany and zoology and all their subdivisions.
生物学生命或生物的科学，包括其结构、机能、生长、起源、进化及分布。包含植物学和动物学及所有的分支
The science, art, and business of cultivating marine or freshwater food fish or shellfish, such as oysters, clams, salmon, and trout, under controlled conditions.
水产养殖在控制条件下，科学、艺术及商业性培植海水或淡水食用鱼或介壳类，如牡蛎、蛤、鲑及鳟鱼
The scientist denied himself many of the comforts of life.
这位科学家放弃了生活上的许多享受。
The scientists strive for a breakthrough in cancer research.
科学家们力争在癌症研究方面有个突破。
The scouts started off on their mission on a stormy night.
侦察兵们在一个雷雨之夜出发去执行任务。
The sea bed is rich in mineral.
海底有丰富的矿物质。
The sea is deep here.
这的海水很深。
The sea was choppy today because of the windstorm.
今天起了风暴，海上波涛汹涌。
The search plane signaled that help was on the way. The men in the lifeboat just had to sweat it out.
搜寻遇难人员的飞机发出救援人员已启程的信号，救生艇上的人员只有焦急地等待。
The seats have no back against which to lean.
那些座位都没有椅背可以靠着。
The second pair is a better fit, but he does not like the colour.
第二双大小比较合适，但他不喜欢它的颜色。
The secret is known only to a narrow group of people.
这个秘密只有一个小圈子里的人知道。
The secretary is proposing to stand down in favour of a younger man.
这位大臣打算辞职，让位给一个比较年轻的人。
The section directly in front of and below the stage of a theater, in which the musicians sit.
乐队席正好在剧场舞台前面或下方的部分，乐师在那里就坐
The seed-bearing capsule of certain plants, especially cotton and flax.
棉，亚麻等植物的圆荚、钻、蒴某些植物种子发育的蒴，尤指棉花和亚麻
The self, especially as distinct from the world and other selves.
自我，自己自我，尤指不同于世界和其他个体
The senior civil servant they arrested for spying turned out to be a Trojan horse, planted by enemy intelligence twenty years previously.
他们逮捕的那位因进行间谍活动的高级文职人员，原来是20年前敌人情报机构安插的特洛伊木马。
The separatist is demanding full autonomy for their state.
分裂主义者在要求他们的州完全自治。
The service here is disappointing.
这儿的服务令人失望。
The setting sun gilded the sky.
落日把天空染成金色。
The shadow of death is on his face.
死亡的阴影笼罩在他的脸上。
The share is on offer in parcel of50.
股票以每五十张为一宗出售。
The sheer maliciousness of the gossip
这种流言蜚语所含的纯粹的恶意
The sheriff ordered the suspicious looking stranger to hit the trail.
警察局长命令样子可疑的陌生人马上走。
The ship canted over when it hit the rocks, and sank to the bottom with all its passengers and sailors.
船触礁后倾翻了，连同所有的乘客和船员一齐沉入了海底。
The ship faded into the fog.
船慢慢地在雾中消失了。
The ship is at anchor.
这只船抛锚停泊。
The ship is working eastwards.
轮船在向东行驶。
The ship pass the channel.
船通过了海峡。
The ship ren into strong winds and heavy seas.
船遇上狂风和汹涌的海浪。
The ship sank.
船沈没。
The ship was crippled in the storm.
那船在暴风雨中受到严重损坏。
The ship was off the stocks.
那条船已下水了。
The ship's bow dipped into the waves.
船头在海浪中穿进穿出。
The shipment is still on the water.
货物还在水运途中。
The shock make me go all weak at the knee.
这件事把我吓得两腿发软。
The shop assistant went out of his way to find what we needed.
那个店员不厌其烦地满足我们的需要。
The shop is on the ropes and must surely have to close soon.
这家商店已到破产的边缘，肯定得关闭。
The shop sells games.
这家商店经售体育用品。
The shopper is showered with broken glass from the explosion.
炸碎的玻璃劈头盖脸地落到购物顾客的身上。
The shore of a body of water, especially when sandy or pebbly.
海滩，海滨一个水域的岸，尤指在多沙或多卵石时
The shouts rang in our ears.
喊声在我们耳边回响。
The shutter kept banging to and fro in the wind, so we nailed it back against the wall.
窗子在风中前后摆动噼啪响，我们把它反钉到墙上了。
The sick man is no better.
那病人一点也没有好转。
The sidewalks directly in front of the building have been roped off.
那座房子正前方的人行道被绳子拦住不能通行了。
The sight of physical suffering always upsets me.
我看到身体受折磨的情形总是心惊肉跳。
The sign on the house says"For sale".
房子的标示牌上写着“出售”。
The silent night has the beauty of the mother and the clamorous day of the child.
静悄悄的黑夜具有母亲的美丽，而吵闹的白天具有孩子的美丽。
The singer forced his low notes.
那位歌手勉强唱出低音。
The singer's performance was so terrible that the audience hissed at him.
这位歌手的表演太糟糕了，引得听众嘘声四起。
The situation as it was before.
形势还是原来那样。
The situation seemed to me quite normal.
在我看来，形势好像很正常。
The size of our order depend very much on your price.
我们订单的大小在很大程度上取决于你方价格。
The skin graft was rejected.
移植的皮肤引起了排拒反应。
The sky is bespangled with stars.
天空中点缀着亮晶晶的星星。
The sky was deep blue.
天空是深蓝的。
The sleeping pills soon put her off to sleep.
安眠药片不久就使她睡着了。
The small boy came running down the street, crying his eyes out because he had lost his mother.
这小男孩沿街跑着，哭得很伤心，因为他妈妈不见了。
The small party of explorers started out with high hopes.
这一小股探险队员怀着很大的希望出发了。
The smallest unit of plant structure.
植物结构单位植物结构的最小单位
The smile of triumph was on their faces.
胜利的微笑浮现在他们的面庞上。
The smoker tossed away the lighted match and so caused a fire.
那个抽烟的人随手扔掉火柴棒，引起了一场火灾。
The snake's tongue flicked out.
蛇的舌头一闪一闪地伸出来。
The snow was blowing in her face, but she gritted her teeth and went on.
雪打在她的脸上，但是她咬紧牙关，继续前进。
The social worker advised them to put their handicapped child into care.
社会工作者建议他们将其残疾儿送到福利院去。
The soft, subdued light seen at dusk or dawn or in dimly lit interiors.
半强度的光通常在黄昏、破晓或室内光照弱的时候出现的柔和灰暗的光线
The soldier climbed very quickly catching on a very strong rope.
这位战士抓住一条非常结实的绳子很快地向高处爬去。
The soldier scaled the wall of the fortress by turret.
士兵通过塔车攀登上了要塞的城墙。
The soldiers are in action.
士兵们正在战斗。
The soldiers crept forward under cover of darkness.
士兵在夜色的掩护下匍匐前进。
The soldiers moving through the area had to struggle against the bad weather, which could render the primitive roads impassable.
士兵们在穿越那一地带时，必须与恶劣气候抗争，因为恶劣气候可能使得那些原始的道路让人无法通行。
The soldiers were in a tight spot, short of food and ammunition.
战士们陷入了困境之中，缺乏食物的弹药。
The solicitor moved for an adjournment of the case.
律师提请暂停审讯这个案件。
The son of Daedalus who, in escaping from Crete on artificial wings made for him by his father, flew so close to the sun that the wax with which his wings were fastened melted, and he fell into the Aegean Sea.
伊卡罗斯代达罗斯的儿子，他乘着他父亲做的人工翅膀逃离克里特时，由于离太阳太近以致粘翅膀用的蜡溶化了，而掉进了爱琴海
The sons of Confucius are scattered in many parts of China.
孔子的后裔散居在中国许多地方。
The sound made by rippling water.
潺潺声由不断滴落的水滴发出的声音
The sound of this rush or surge.
水声上述汹涌或起伏的声音
The soup was so hot that it burned my mouth.
这汤很热，以致烫伤了我的嘴。
The space flight had to be aborted because of the difficulties with the computer.
这次太空飞行因电脑出了故障不得不予以取消。
The spatter of rain on the tent
雨落在帐篷上的滴沥声
The speaker failed to put his ideas over clearly enough so that some misunderstanding arose.
＂发言者没有把自己的观点解释得十分清楚，因而引起了一些误解。＂
The speaker lashed his audience into a fury.
那演说者煽动听众，激起他们的愤怒。
The speaker talked a lot, but never really got to grips with the subject.
那位演讲者讲了许多，但始终没有真正抓住题目。
The speaker's forceful words persuaded his opponents to back down.
演讲者雄辩的言辞说得他的对手退让了。
The spectators or listeners assembled at a performance, for example, or attracted by a radio or television program.
观众，听众聚集在演出前的观看者或倾听者，如被电台、电视节目所吸引
The speed of light being extremely great, we cannot measure it by ordinary method.
由于光的速度非常大，我们不能用普通的方法度量。
The spirit or soul.
精神或灵魂
The sports car passed on the right.
那辆跑车从右边超了过去
The spy was dishonourably banished from, the land.
那个间谍被不光彩地驱逐出境。
The staff speak as one man on this issue.
在这个问题上全体职员意见一致。
The stamp has come off. Stick it on again.
邮票掉下来了，再贴上去吧。
The standing figure to the right was painted after the rest of the picture was completed.
画右侧站立的人像是在其它的部分完成以后加进去的
The start of the film was dull.
那部电影的开头很枯燥。
The state of being an occupant or a tenant.
居住作为居住成员或客房的状态
The state of being convinced or persuaded by consideration of evidence.
得到认可通过考虑证据而确信或被说服的状态
The state of being executed.
执行被执行的状态
The state of being involved.
被卷被卷入的状态
The state of being predisposed; tendency, inclination, or susceptibility.
倾向倾向于…的状态；趋势；倾向或敏感性
The state of being transported.
运输或被运输的状态
The state or fact of being plural.
多数状态，多重性多数的状态或事实
The state or quality of being cool.
凉快凉（快）的状态或性质
The state or quality of being irrational.
不理智不理智的状态或性质
The state or quality of being stubborn or refractory.
顽固，倔强顽固、固执或倔强的状态或性质
The statement prove incorrect.
这种说法证明是不正确的。
The statue of Jefferson was big as life.
杰斐逊的塑像和真人一样大小。
The steamer has gone ashore, hasn't it?
轮船搁浅了，是不是？
The stemmed glass in which a coupe is served.
高脚玻璃杯用来放水果冰淇淋的高脚玻璃杯
The stick is three inches long.
这小棍子3英寸长。
The stolen car is now in police custody.
被偷的汽车由警察保管。
The store cater mainly for overseas customer.
这家商店主要接待外国顾客。
The store set up a plan for twenty-four-hour service.
这家商店提出了一项日夜服务的计划。
The storm cast the little rowboat on the rocks.
风暴把这条小划艇抛到岩石上。
The storm has passed.
暴风雨过去了。
The storm was succeeded by calm.
暴风雨之后是一片沉静。
The story hangs on the relationship between the two sisters.
故事情节以这两姐妹之间的关系为转移。
The story is splashed across the front page of the newspaper.
这篇报道刊登在报纸头版显著位置。
The story remained in his memory.
这故事留在他的记忆中。
The story was quite well written in parts.
这故事有些部分写得很好。
The stove will remain in all night if you put enough coal on in the evening.
要是你在晚上加足煤，炉子便通宵不会熄灭。
The straws in the fashion wind indicate a shrinking attachment for jersey and knitting.
时装流行式样中的种种迹象表明针织上衣和编织品已越来越不受青睐。
The street is overarched by ginkgoes.
那条街道给拱形的银杏树遮盖着。
The streets were thronged with shoppers.
街上挤满了买东西的人。
The strike tied up production for a week.
这次罢工造成停产一周。
The strong smell made me throw up.
这强烈的气味使我呕吐了。
The struggling for knowledge hath a pleasure in it that of wrestling with a fine woman.
为知识而奋斗自有其乐——有如与美人角力之乐。
The student made a creditable effort on the essay.
这个学生在这篇短论上所作的努力值得赞扬
The students are a month behind with the rent.
学生们已经拖欠了一个月的房租。
The students fell beneath the influence of the free-thinking teacher.
学生们受到了这个具有自由思想的老师的影响。
The students issued from the classroom.
学生们从教室里涌出来。
The students talked about the coming tour to the nearby mountain village among themselves.
同学们在一起谈论他们即将到附近山村观光的事情。
The students; marks were scaled down because the examination was too easy.
由于考试太简单了，学生的成绩相应地作了削减。
The study of how words and their component parts combine to form sentences.
文法学对词以及其组成部分如何结合以形成句子的研究
The study of the development and evolution of biochemicals and biochemical processes.
史前生物化学对生物化学以及生物化学过程的发展和演变的研究
The study of the origin, development, and manifestations of mental or behavioral disorders.
精神病理学对精神或行为方面的病症的起因、发展和症状的研究
The study, theory, and practice of prison management and criminal rehabilitation.
刑狱学一种对刑罚典狱和监狱管理的研究、实践和理论
The subject may be full of interest to you, but it holds no interest for me.
这个问题即使你兴味盎然，我也是兴味索然。
The substance so deposited.
电解淀积物这样淀积下来的物质
The success was because in those days, there were no betting-shops. The law of the land said you could only bet at a racecourse.
成功的秘诀是由于在那个时候没有赌场。当时的法律规定只能在赛马场下赌。
The sudden noise from the next room interrupt my train of think.
从隔壁房间突然传来的闹声打断了我的思路。
The suitcase burst open and its contents rained on the floor.
手提箱裂开了，里面的东西纷纷落在地板上。
The sum total of study on the subject is contained in this report.
这份报告包括了关于这一课题研究的主要内容。
The sun blinds the stars.
太阳遮蔽了星星。
The sun glare out of the blue sky.
太阳从蓝天中发出耀眼的光。
The sun makes the plants grow.
太阳使植物生长。
The sun sank below the horizon.
太阳已沈入地平线。
The sun was hot, so he pulled his sweater over his head.
太阳很热，他便把运动衫搭在头上。
The sunlight has bleached the colour out.
日光的照射使颜色变淡了。
The supervisor gave her a black look when she told him that she hadn't done the work.
她对监工说她的工作还没做完时，监工恶狠狠地瞪了她一眼。
The surest way to hit woman's heart is to take aim kneel.
要射中女人的心，最有把握的方法就是跪下来瞄个正准。
The surgeon cut out all the diseased tissue.
外科大夫把坏了的组织都切除掉。
The surgical excision of one or both of the adrenal glands.
肾上腺切除术一个或一对肾上腺的外科切除手术
The sustaining of a note longer than its indicated time value.
延长的音符长于规定的节拍长短的音符维持
The swimmer couldn't hold her breath any longer.
那个游泳的人再也不能屏住呼吸了
The switchboard is manned twenty-four hours a day.
电话总机是一天24小时由人操纵的。
The system of rules implicit in a language, viewed as a mechanism for generating all sentences possible in that language.
语法规则隐含在一种语言中的规则体系，被看作在该语言中生成所有可能的语句的机制
The table top is scratched.
桌面给擦坏了。
The tailor makes the man.
人靠衣装佛靠金装。
The tall one be.
个头高的那个是。
The task took quick thinking, but John was equal to it.
这项任务需要思想敏捷，但约翰胜任得了。
The taxi driver took an indirect route to avoid the town centre.
为了避免经过市中心，出租车司机绕道而行。
The teacher asked the pupil to put his hand down.
老师叫这个小学生把手放下。
The teacher called the boy out to the front of the class.
老师把那男生叫出来，站在全班面前。
The teacher divided the younger children from the older ones.
那个老师把年纪较小的与年纪较大的学童分开（编排）。
The teacher glanced round.
教师匆匆地环视教室。
The teacher is giving the naughty boy a lesson.
老师正在教训那调皮的男孩。
The teacher led the children up the stairs.
老师领着孩子们上了楼梯。
The teacher ordered the students in(to the school).
老师吩咐学生入内（进校）。
The teacher roused himself and stared the pupil down.
老师给激怒了，用目光正视着这个学生使他不敢正视老师。
The teacher shifted the chairs around in the classroom.
那个教师挪动了教室里的椅子。
The teacher told a story to the pupils.
老师给学生们讲了一个故事。
The teacher urged on us the necessity of practice.
老师向我们强调练习的必要性。
The teacher was telling us about the poet's life, when he went off at a tangent and started talking about his war experiences.
老师在给我们讲述诗人生平故事的时候，突然把话题一转，讲开他自己的战争经历来了。
The teachers complain that nothing is feeding back to them from the classroom.
教师们抱怨，上课时学生们对他们没有什么反应。
The team is a newcomer to the competition.
这个队是新参加比赛的。
The team was behind, but at the last minute Sam saved the day with a touchdown.
这个队落后了，但在最后时刻塞姆底线得分转败为胜。
The teams met in fierce contention for first place.
各队为取得第一名在激烈的竞争中遭遇
The technology of using the flows and pressures of fluids in sensing, control, and information-processing systems with no moving parts.
射流技术一种利用流体动力现象使不运动部件来完成传感、控制和信息传送等功能的控制技术
The telephone rings and this marks the prelude to an unforeseen series of catastrophes.
电话铃响了，这就揭开了未预料到的大灾难的序幕。
The temperature drops in September.
气温在九月间下降。
The temple will serve for an operating room.
那座庙将用来作为手术室。
The tender committee have take a liking to your bid.
投标委员会对你们的报价很中意。
The tenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
希伯来语字母表中的第十个字母
The terrible experience unhinged his mind.
恐怖的经历使他精神失常。
The test finished. We began our holiday.
考试结束了，我们开始放假。
The theater was packed with children.
那家戏院挤满了小孩子。
The theory has been discredited.
该学说已受到怀疑；该理论已过推翻。
The theory, art, or technique of making a process more automatic.
使过程更加自动化的理论、工艺或技术。
The thief got away scot-free.
小偷未受惩罚逃走了。
The thief ran off with an angry crowd at his heel.
那小偷在前面跑，一群愤怒的人在後面紧追。
The thief whip round the corner and out of sight.
那个贼一溜烟儿转过街角就看不见了。
The thieves robbed the passengers of all their money and jewels.
那些小偷盗走了乘客们所有的钱财及珠宝饰物。
The thing is I was in a bit of an accident last week--got bashed by another car.
问题是上星期我出了点交通事故——我的车被另一辆车撞上了。
The thinner the ice, the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear.
冰块越薄，越使人急切要看看它是否承受得起。
The thought of summer suggests swimming.
想到夏天，就使人联想到游泳。
The threat or use of force to prevent, restrict, or dictate the action or thought of others.
强制使用或威胁使用强制力量来阻拦、限制或命令他人的行动或思想
The thunderstorm may settle the weather.
这场雷暴过後天气可能反而好些。
The tide is making now.
现在正在涨潮。
The tiger rushed at its prey.
老虎向它的捕掠对象扑过去。
The time between sunrise and sunset.
白天日出和日落之间的那段时间
The time of life between childhood and maturity.
青春期处于儿童和成年之间的生命时期
The timetable is obtainable post-free from the airline office.
航班时刻表可以向航空公司免费索取。
The tires kicked the little stones up.
轮胎辗过时把小石子弹了起来。
The top branches of the two trees interlace with one another.
这两棵树的树顶树枝相互交织在一起。
The top sleeps.
陀螺定转。
The total amount of money bet on an event or over a set period of time.
赌注在一次或一段固定的时间内的用来打赌的钱的总数
The total quantity of data that a part of a computer can hold or handle.
计算机某一部件能容纳和处理的总数据量。
The tough new measures on drug abuse is likely to be a case of killing or cure.
禁毒新措施很强硬，大有成败取决于此之势。
The tournament is open to amateur as well as professional.
这次比赛不仅职业运动员可以参加，而且业余运动员也可以参加。
The town centre certainly needs a face-lift.
市中心可真该装修一下了。
The town is noted for its healthy air.
该城镇以其空气清新而著称。
The town's last remaining cinema went west last year and it's now a bingo palace.
这个城镇留存的最后一个电影院去年也倒闭了，现在它成了一个宾戈娱乐场。
The trade of a butcher.
屠宰业屠夫的行业
The traffic had to follow a diversion because of an accident on the main road.
因为大街上发生交通事故，车辆只好改道行驶。
The train being late, we missed the boat.
火车晚点了，我们没有赶上那班船。
The train from Beijing pulled in at9: 15.
北京来的火车9：15到达。
The train is attacked by guerilla.
火车受到游击队的袭击。
The train jerked ahead.
火车向前疾驶
The train rolled into the station.
火车慢慢地驶入车站。
The train usually goes120 kilometers in one hour.
火车通常一小时跑120公里。
The train went round the bend and soon got of sight.
火车转过弯道很快就看不见了。
The tramp always keep his eyes peel for coin lying on the grind.
那流浪汉总是注意著寻找地上的硬币。
The transparency and luster of a gem.
水色宝石的透明度及光洁度
The traveler's check cost one per cent of total amount of purchase.
旅行支票要花总金额百分之一的手续费。
The travelling public is hoping for an early settlement of the rail dispute.
旅行的民众们都在希望铁路争端的早日解决。
The treaty may be considered to be as dead as a doornail.
这项条约可以认为是完全作废了。
The tree is bearing a lot of apples this year.
这棵树今年结了许多苹果。
The trees break the wind.
树木可以挡风。
The trees will soon be in leaf.
那些树很快就会长出叶子。
The tried to remove the mark from his jacket with a cleaning fluid, but it wouldn't rub out.
她试图用清洁剂来除他短上衣上面的污痕，但搓洗不掉。
The troops have to withdraw to a less exposed position.
部队已经撤到不易受攻击的地点。
The trouble between the women is a tuppeny-ha'penny affair.
那两个女人间的纠纷只是为些鸡毛蒜皮的小事。
The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time.
人生的麻烦在于漂后的女性这么多、而时间又这么少。
The truck bumped our car.
那辆卡车撞了我们的车子。
The truck went into a tree.
卡车撞到一棵树上去了。
The truth of the report is beyond all doubt.
该报道的真实性是无可置疑的。
The tunnel contract to a narrow passageway as you go deep.
再往里走，坑道缩小成了一条窄窄的通道。
The twentieth century is only the nineteenth speaking with a slightly American accent.
二十世纪只不过是稍微带着美国口音说话的十九世纪罢了。
The two animals were locked in a fight.
这两头野兽打得难分难解。
The two boys rolled up their sleeves and fell to fight.
两个男孩子卷起袖子，打起架来。
The two businessmen clinched the deal quickly.
这两个生意人很快就敲定了这桩买卖。
The two continents were connected by a land mass at one time.
这两个大陆曾经由一大片陆地连接着。
The two fighters lashed into each other as soon as the bell rang.
铃声一响，两个拳击手就使劲对打起来。
The two halves if the main branch have grown apart, forming separate trees.
树干长出了两个分枝，形成了分开的两棵树。
The two men fought out their differences in court.
那两人诉诸法庭解决他们的争端。
The two of them were necking on a park bench.
他们俩在公园的长凳上拥抱亲吻。
The two pipes which connect with the sewer have been blocked up for a month.
这两条与下水道相连的管子已经堵了一个月。
The two sides call a truce to avoid further bloodshed.
双方宣布停战以避免再有伤亡。
The two teams were all square at the end.
最后两队以积分相同而结束。
The two women gabbled away twenty to the dozen while the waitress noisily cleared the table-cloth and all.
两个女人喋喋不休地谈天说地，而女招待则重手重脚地清理桌子－连台布等都撤下去了。
The typhoon is gathering strength.
台风的风力正逐渐增强。
The umpire ousted the arguing player from the game.
裁判员将那位不服判决的运动员罚下场。
The unemployed engineer wrote a dozen applications for jobs but got nothing.
失业的工程师一连写了十几份求职信，但一无所获。
The union has ordered its members to work to rule. rather than call a total strike.
工会命令其成员消极怠工，而不是要求总罢工。
The union of two or more commercial interests or corporations.
联合体两个或两个以上商业团体或利益的联合
The university must graduate more science students.
该大学要有更多的理科学生毕业。
The untidy girl's toy, books shoes and clothes were all jumbled together in the cupboard.
那不整洁的女孩子的玩具、书籍、鞋子和衣服都堆在橱里。
The upper portion of the stomach that adjoins this opening.
贲门胃部与此开口处相毗邻的上半部分
The use by human beings of voice sounds, and often written symbols representing these sounds, in organized combinations and patterns in order to express and communicate thoughts and feelings.
语言人类声音的使用，并且经常是代表这些声音的文字符号，并以有条理的组合和形式出现，目的是为了表达和交流思想和感情
The use of mirror in a room is an artifice to make the room look larger.
利用镜子装饰房间是使房间显得大一点的巧妙办法。
The used to call it a draw, when two horses finished neck and neck.
两匹马并排跑到终点，他们过去常把这叫做平局。
The usual word"pub" is short for"public house".
常用的“pub”一词是“publichouse”的简略形式。
The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them.( Montaigne)
生命的价值不在于能活多少天，而在于我们如何使用这些日子。（蒙田）　　
The various parts of the car are bolted together.
这辆汽车的各种配件是用螺栓装在一起的。
The vehicles were quickly rolled off by these men.
这帮人很快把集装箱卸下了船。
The very idea of sniffing glue is repellent to me.
我一想到吸胶毒就感到恶心。
The vicar caught me bending when he called unexpectedly while I was decorating the kitchen ceiling and covered in paint.
我正在装饰厨房天花板，混身都是油漆，此时教区牧师突然来访，使我狼狈不堪。
The victory was cheaply bought.
那次胜利是轻易获得的。
The view that the earth is flat is no longer tenable.
认为地球是平的这一观点站不住脚了。
The village is inaccessible by car in winter.
冬天时该村车子开不进去。
The village where we are going lies behind the mountain.
我们要去的那村庄就在这座山的背后。
The villagers, full of hate in their eyes, stared the traitor down.
眼里充满仇恨的乡亲们，盯得那个叛徒垂了眼睛。
The virtue of mother shall occasionally be visiting upon the children as well as the sin of the father.
母亲的德行，像父亲的罪过一样，其报应有时也会落在孩子们的身上。
The visiting team were one man short and so I played for them to redress the balance.
客队缺少一个人，为了保持平衡，我参加了他们的队。
The voice of his departed mother still rings in his sears.
他去世母亲的声音仍在他耳边回响。
The wage stop is the device used to stop families receiving more in social security payments than their normal income from full-time work.
失业救济限额是防止家庭从社会保险中取得的救济高于他们正常全日工作收入的政策。
The waiter whipped away my cup before I'd finished my coffee.
没等我把咖啡喝完，侍者就匆匆地把我的杯子收了起来。
The wall has ears.
隔墙有耳。
The wall was laid up in bricks.
这堵墙是砖头砌的。
The war ended in1975.
战争于一九七五年结束。
The war still bulks large in the memories of those who fought in it.
对於那些曾参战的人来说，那场战争仍记忆犹新。
The warm weather has set the crops ahead by a month.
温暖的天气使庄稼的生长提前一个月。
The waste pipe is blocked; try flushing it out with hot water.
污水管塞住了，试试用热水把它冲一冲吧。
The water came to my neck.
水深到我脖子。
The water is wasting.
水正白白流掉。
The water smacks of sulphur.
这水有点硫磺味。
The wave curled over the surfer.
波浪从冲浪运动员头上盘旋而过
The waves were pushed out by the force of water behind it.
波浪受它后面的水力推动向四外涌。
The way she puts out her garbage is awful!
她放垃圾的方法很差劲！
The weather became warmer.
天气变暖和了。
The weather in June was positively autumnal.
那六月的天气真像秋天似的。
The weather looks good for our sports meet.
天气适宜我们举行运动会。
The weave used to produce such a fabric.
用来生产这种织物的织法
The weight is50 grams short.
重量短少五十公克。
The west lake is noted for its scenery.
西湖以其风景而著名。
The wheel and the drag react on each other.
轮子和刹车相互起作用。
The whisky got into his head.
威士忌使他醉得头晕脑胀。
The white towel round the woman-miner's neck set off her brilliant black eyes and her dazzling cap-lamp.
这位女矿工脖子上的白毛巾，衬托出她那乌黑发亮的眼睛和耀眼的头灯。
The whole community was astir when the news came that the enemy bombing would be restored.
＂敌人将恢复轰炸的消息传来，整个社区都骚动起来。＂
The whole family is like that. Clever as they make them, but can't help boasting of it.
这家人都那样，非常聪明，但又禁不住要吹嘘这一点。
The whole matter is still in doubt.
这整个事情现在还很难说。
The whole procedure seems to be hedged about with problems.
整个进程的每一步似乎都受到种种问题的妨碍。
The whole story came out at the trial.
整个真相在审问中变得众所周知
The whole village was frozen in for a week.
全村的人被冰封在村里达一星期。
The widow was hard up against it, ever so hard.
这位寡妇当吃了很多苦，真是苦极了。
The wife or widow of a knight.
爵士夫人爵士的妻子或遗孀
The wily old fellow said to his son, "Have a care, Joe, that girl is setting her cap at you."
滑头的老家伙对儿子道：“乔，留心点儿，那女孩儿看上你了。”
The wind changed. We had to bring the boat about and headed for shore.
风转向了，我们不得不调转船头向岸驶去。
The wind has gone down a little since last night.
自昨晚起风势就开始平息了。
The wind is so strong that we had to ease to.
风如此大，我们不得不迎风而上。
The wind tunnel is produced under a technical cooperation agreement with Ford Co of US.
风洞机是根据与美国福特公司的技术合作协议生产的。
The wind whistled through a crack in the door.
风从门的裂缝中呼呼地刮了进来。
The window has clouded over in the steam.
窗户蒙上水蒸气，已变得模糊不清了。
The windows glinted in the sun.
窗子在阳光中闪耀。
The wine improves with age.
年代越久远酒味越醇。
The wire was coupled on the plug.
这条导线接到了插头上。
The witch turned the prince into a frog.
女巫把王子变成了青蛙。
The witness testify that he have see the man shoot at his victim.
证人作证说他看到那男人向其受害者开枪。
The woman in this painting has a pensive smile.
这幅画中的女人脸上露出忧郁的微笑。
The woman weighed the flour and tipped it into the basin.
这位妇女称好面粉，将它倒进盆里。
The women there used to veil their face in public.
那里的妇女过去在公共场合通常戴面纱。
The wood of one of these trees.
这些树的一种木材
The woods on the mountain sides were clad in mist.
高山坡上的小树林都笼罩在一片薄雾中。
The word in a construction that has the same grammatical function as the construction as a whole and that determines relationships of concord to other parts of the construction or sentence in which the construction occurs.
中心词在某结构中和这种结构作为一个整体来看具有相同的语法功能，并决定这种结构其它部分或这种结构所在句子之间和谐一致关系的词
The words slipped out before he could stop himself.
这些话是他情不自禁地脱口说出的。
The work is badly done; he didn't take much trouble to do it.
这工作做得很糟，他没有费心去做。
The work method of this test is simple.
这试验的工作方法很简单。
The work was finished at high gear.
这项工作高速度地完成了。
The worker lost his job through inattention.
这工人因疏忽而失去了他的工作。
The workers are refusing to be shoved around by the employers; they demand to be treated as human beings.
工人们正拒绝听从雇主的任意摆布，他们要求把自己当作人来对待。
The workers made reprisals for what they suffered.
工人们为所受的苦难而实行报复。
The workers who were employed building turnpikes and canals died like flies in the swamps.
那些受雇建公路和运河的工人在沼泽地区大批死去。
The workmen struck for higher wages, but the factory owner soon had them at his feet.
工人们罢工要求加薪，但是厂主不久便使他们降服了。
The world is full of chicanery.
这个世界充满了诈骗。
The worst intrusion I know is represented in the author who forgets that you are only a reader, and start to put on a show.
我所知道的最冒犯的行为，可以从那些忘记了他所面对的只不过是一个读者而却自我炫耀的作者身上看出来。
The wound is festering.
伤口化脓了。
The wounded man spat out blood.
这位受伤的人吐血了。
The writer expresses his love for his motherland in his novels.
作者在小说中表达出他对祖国的爱。
The writer was so absorbed in her work that she didn't notice him enter the room.
那个作家专心致志地工作，她都没有听到他进屋的声音。
The yachts reached the other side at about midnight and lay to about four miles off shore.
约午夜时分，快艇抵达对岸，停泊在离岸约四英里的地方。
The years ahead seemed to stretch out for ever.
未来的岁月似乎绵绵无尽。
The young Mr. Longman and his father are both doctors.
小朗曼先生和他的父亲都是医生。
The young bull horned the old cow out of the herd.
小公牛用角把老母牛从牛群中顶了出去。
The young girl bore up well after her dad and granny were killed by the aggressors.
姑娘在她爹和奶奶被侵略者杀害后仍然表现得很坚强。
The young lady is set on having that fur coat.
这位年轻女士一心想要得到那件大衣。
The young man had left the town in order to welch on all his debts.
那个年轻人为了赖掉所有的账，已经出城了。
The young man recite his poem with a touch of pride.
那个青年带点骄傲地朗诵他的诗作。
The young man was rearrested on a fresh charge two days after being released from jail.
那年轻人在从监狱释放出来两天后就又因新的罪行被再次拘捕。
The young people made merry at the picnic.
这些年轻人在野餐时尽情欢乐。
The young singer has been burning for a chance to hear the cheers of the crowds.
这个年青的歌手一直渴望着能有机会听到听众的欢呼声。
The young tennis player will be able to fling off the old one.
这年轻的网球选手将能击败那位年长的选手。
The youngsters like to play football and cricket in the same ball park.
这些年青人喜欢在同一个球场里踢足球板球。
The"Remember the Maine" of Spanish war days has now been changed to"Remember Pearl Harbor".
西班牙内时代的口号是“牢记缅因河”，如今已换成“牢记珍珠港”了。
The21st letter of the modern English alphabet.
U字母现代英语字母表中第21个字母
Their accounts of what happened don't hang together.
他们对於所发生的事的说法互相之间有矛盾。
Their ardour was damped by my critics.
我的批评给他们的热情泼了冷水。
Their boss pays the highest wages, but he wants his pound of flesh in return and makes them work very hard.
他们的老板付给他们最高的工资，但对他们非常苛求，要他们拼命干活。
Their children are always going to parties and seems to sleep out nearly every night.
他们的孩子总是去参加聚会，好像几乎每晚都在外过夜。
Their contribution, whether large or small, was respected.
他们的贡献，不管大小，都是受到尊重的。
Their demand for justice found an echo in communities across the nation.
他们对正义的要求在全国各社区内引起了共鸣
Their electricity is set at0.25 yuan per light.
他们的电费被定为每度2角5分。
Their father is also guilty, inasmuch as he knows what they are going to do.
他们的父亲也有罪，因为他知道他们要去做什么。
Their friends begged them to spare themselves.
他们的朋友都恳求他们不要太劳累了。
Their group has already fulfilled their quota, so has our group.
他们组已完成了定额，我们组也完成了。
Their house had sound foundations, would have stood stoutly even if it had been almost submerged.
他们的房子有极好的地基，即使大水没顶也能稳当地顶得住。
Their insults should be beneath your notice.
他们的侮辱不值得你理会。
Their life is a poem.
他们的生活是一首诗。
Their marriage broke up.
他们的婚姻破裂了。
Their morale had greatly improved.
他们的士气大有提高。
Their offspring is all somewhat odd.
他们的后代都有点失常。
Their paths diverged at the fork in the road.
他们在道路的岔囗处分道而行。
Their poverty, their straitened environment touched his heart.
他们的贫困，他们窘迫的环境，触动了他的心。
Their rejection of these measures roused the people to indignation.
他们拒不采取这些措施，引起了人民的愤慨。
Their sabotage put back production badly.
他们的破坏严重影响了生产。
Their son slide into evil ways.
他们的儿子走了坏道了。
Their success is in great measure the result of thorough preparation.
他们的成功大半是由于酌此充分的准备。
Their team is out of trim for the match.
他们队对这场比赛准备不足。
Their wages were reduced or held up for no reason.
他们的工资被毫无道理地降低或扣发。
Theirs is a developed country.
他们的国家是一个发达国家。
Then I have to see the secretary about my account.
然后我得去见秘书办理交费手续。
Then I'll go to your room at7: 50.
那么，我将在7点50分到你的房间。
Then begin our new lesson.
然后开始我们新的课程。
Then he heard boys shouting at the top of their voices"Michel's dead! The old beggar is dead."
然后他听到孩子们扯大嗓子高声喊道：“米歇尔死了，老叫花子死了。
Then he spoke slowly, but I could not understand him.
接着他说得慢了，但是我听不懂他的话。
Then how much can you go down?
那么你能减多少？
Then she began to observe a curious phenomenon.
这时她开始看到一个奇怪的现象。
Then the Lord God said to the serpent: "Because you have done this you are accursed more than all cattle and all wild creatures."
于是，天主上帝对蛇说：“你因为诱惑了她，就要比其他牲畜和野兽更倒霉。”
Then the road is being widened.
那时路正在加宽。
Then they lined the inside with white tiles.
然后他们在里面铺上磁砖。
Then we all three took a bus into the town.
然后我们3个人都坐公共汽车进城了。
Then we started pumping water to the fields.
然后我们用水泵向地里送水。
Then you do the opposite: make a lot of noise and start shout and screaming and call the cop at once.
你要做的刚好相反：尽量弄出声响，大声喊叫，并且立即叫警察。
Then, it's usually time to wake up my son(daughter).
然后，通常就该是叫醒儿子（女儿）的时候了。
Therapy or treatment by exposure to radiation.
射线疗法暴露在辐射前的疗法或冶疗
There are a number of verbs which describe abnormal ways of walking.
有几个动词可用以表示不正常的行走方式。
There are as many students in our class as in yours.
我们班的学生人数和你们班的一样。
There are few flies in the room.
有几只苍蝇在屋里。
There are five ducks in the yard.
院子里有五只鸭子。
There are innumerable stars in the sky.
天空中有数不清的星星。
There are many new products on display in the exhibition, which demonstrate the rapid progress you have made.
展览会上展出了许多新产品，这表明贵方所取得的进步是很快的。
There are mice in Mrs. Lee's kitchen.
李太太的厨房里有老鼠。
There are ninety.
有九十个刎。
There are not many jobs that leave you time to get the housework do.
能在家务事空闲时做的工作可不容易找。
There are other organs for hearing, smelling and tasting.
还有用来听声音，嗅气味和尝滋味的器官。
There are seventy.
有七十个刎。
There are six.
有六个刎。
There are some different types of claims.
索赔有几种不同的类型。
There are telephone extensions in every office.
每间办公室都有电话分机。
There are those who claim our strength is inadequate to protect on both fronts, that we cannot divide our effort.
有人认为我们的力量不足以同时保住两个阵地，因为我们不能分散我们的力量。
There are thrice as many students in our institute now as there was in1966.
我们研究所现在的学生比1966年时多二倍。
There are two pears in my basket.
有两个梨在我的篮子里。
There are25 girl students in our class as against only5 in Class Two.
我们班有25名女学生，而二班只有5名。
There carpet is sold at25 off the marked price.
这些地毯以低于标价25英镑售出。
There goes the bus!
公共汽车开走了！
There has long been a superstition among mariners that porpoises will save drowning.
长久以来，海员们有一种迷信，那就是海豚会把很快要淹死的人推到水面使之获救。
There he searched out an old friend of his.
他在那儿找到了他的一位老朋友。
There is a breach in the wall.
墙上豁了一个口子。
There is a concave rose garden of ground down inside his courtyard.
在他的庭院里，有一片凹下地面的玫瑰花园。
There is a fast express service leaves London for Edinburgh every hour on the hour.
从伦敦至爱丁堡的火车，每小时正有一班特别快车。
There is a hard core of people who support this politician, but most think that he is dishonest.
有一帮中坚分子坚定地支持这位政治家，但是大多数人认为他不诚实。
There is a lot to be said for professional self-government, if it really works. But can professionals take effective action against one another? Will they not always be held back by the thought that there, but for the grace of God, go I?
专业人员同行自治的主张如真行得通倒是可以好好谈谈。但专业人员对同行能采取有效行动吗？他们想到“若非幸运，自己也不免如此”而往往欲行又止，难道不是如此吗？
There is a note of warning in what he said.
他的话带有一种警告的口气。
There is a ratio of two boys to three girls in the club.
这个俱乐部里男孩和女孩的比例是二比三。
There is a shower of applause after the performance.
表演结束后，响起一片热烈的掌声。
There is a strong religious influence in American life.
在美国人的生活中，宗教的影响很深。
There is a weary breakdown of law and order.
法律和秩序或治安严重崩溃。
There is an aura of divinity about him.
他有一股神圣不可侵犯的气息。
There is but one pleasure in life equal to that of being called on to make an after-dinner speech, and that is not being called on to make one.
人生只有一种可与被人邀请在聚餐会后讲演比肩的乐趣，那就是不被人邀请去讲演。
There is golf-ball-size hail in New Jersey today.
新泽西州今日下起高尔夫球大小的冰雹。
There is little time left.
没剩下多少时间了。
There is no benefit to debate.
争辩是无好处的。
There is no doubt but right will prevail.
毫无否定疑问，正义将取得胜利
There is no help to be looked for in that quarter.
从那方面不能期待有任何的援助。
There is no man who does not have fault.
人人都有缺点。（没有人没有缺点的。）
There is no one here I can confide in.
这里没有一个我可以信赖的人。
There is no question of overlap between the two courses.
这两门课程之间不存在重叠的问题。
There is no saying what may happen.
简直无法知道发生何事。
There is no substance whatsoever in the report.
报告中没有任何实质性的东西。
There is not a mechanic or technician who has not haven this problem.
没有一个机工或技师不碰到这样的问题。
There is not much clearance for tall vehicle pass under this bridge.
高大车辆在这桥下通过时没有多大余隙。
There is nothing as good as a piping hot cup of cocoa on a cold winter's evening.
在寒冷的冬天的晚上，没有什么东西能比滚热的可可茶更好的了。
There is nothing to thank me for.
没有什么可谢我的。
There is only standing room in the bus.
公共汽车上只有站的地方。
There is so much red tape involved in obtaining a government contract that it is sometimes almost not worth the time and expense.
与政府订立合同牵涉到太多的烦琐和拖拉的公事程序，所以常常不值得去费那么多的时间与资金。
There is something wrong with my radio. Could you see to it for me?
我的收音机坏了，你能为我修理一下吗？
There is two hours' time difference between Moscow and London.
莫斯科与伦敦之间的时差为２个小时。
There it is.
门在那儿。
There must be some lake or lodge halfway between South Dakota and Georgia where we could meet.
在南达科他和乔治亚州之间的半路上，一定有一个我们可以碰头的湖或旅游客栈。
There remains a still more difficult task for us.
还有一项更艰苦的工作需要我们做。
There the birds nest and bring up their young.
这些鸟在那里筑巢并哺育幼鸟。
There was a big crowd and it was hard to find a taxi.
人很多，很难找到一辆出租车。
There was a curious silence.
有一种不寻常的沉寂。
There was a hole in the roof, and rain-water was spattering on his bed.
屋顶上有一个洞，雨水正在往他床上滴。
There was a red glare over the burning village.
正在燃烧的村庄上空映出炫目的红光。
There was a table with odds and ends piled on it.
有一张桌子上堆着零碎东西。
There was an ear-splitting roar as a the Red Arrows display team flew overhead.
当红箭表演队在头顶上空飞过时，传来一阵震耳欲聋的吼声。
There was litter strewn all over the pavement.
人行道上到处都是扔的垃圾。
There was no more trouble among the people.
民间不再有更多的纠纷。
There was not an atom of evidence to convince him.
没有一点能使他信服的证据。
There was so much competition for the trade that rival firms were fighting with the gloves off.
贸易竞争十分激烈，竞争的公司你争我夺，各不相让。
There was very little to discuss but the chairman still managed to spin out the meeting for two hours.
没有什么东西可讨论了，可是主席仍然设法把会议再拖延了两个小时。
There were a few cackles from the audience when I began to talk.
我开始讲话时听众中发出一些格格笑声。
There were loud cheers as the Irish team took the field.
爱尔兰队一入场，全场立刻欢声雷动。
There were several big names at the party.
宴会上有好几位知名人物。
There will be a day of reckoning for what you have done to me!
你对我所做的一切，总有一天要遭报应的。
There would be a saving to the airlines of about￡70 million a year some of in lower fares.
航空公司每年要节省7000万英镑，其中一部分以低价的形式使公众从中获利。
There're may being other choices too.
同样的药还有不同的形态。
There's a good boy.
这个孩子真乖。
There's a lot of disagreement among politicians on this issue.
对这一问题，政治家们有很大分歧。
There's a possibility.
有这个可能。
There's a table for four over there. Will you like it?
那里有一张四人用的餐的桌子。您想要吗？
There's an exception to every rule.
每项规则均有例外。
There's coffee or tea- you can have either.
咖啡或茶──你可以任选一种。
There's more in Mary's refusal than meets the eye; I think she's trying to hide something.
玛丽的拒绝另有隐情，我想她是在力图隐瞒什么东西。
There's no doubt who wears the trousers in that household.
那户人家里谁当家是毫无疑问的。
There's no need to bite my head off. I only asked you a question-I wasn't criticizing you.
没有必要对我大发雷霆嘛。我只不过问你一个问题——我没有批评你。
There's no need to work you bad temper off on me.
他没有必要把气出在我身上。
There's no room for doubt.
毫无怀疑的理由。
There's no way I can solve the problem.
我无法解决这个问题。
There's not much fight left in him now.
他现在已经没剩下多少斗志了。
There's nothing to see outside london.
伦敦城外没什么可看的。
There's plenty more paper if you need it.
你需要纸的话，有的是。
There's some respiratory murmur in your heart.
你的心脏有些呼吸性杂音。
There, I told you I was right.
你瞧，我告诉过你我是对的。
Therefore, we will like to ask for a guarantee minimum.
所以我们希望您保证付给我们一个最低价。
These apples are not ripe; they are sour.
这些苹果不熟，是酸的。
These are bricks.
这些是砖。
These are mine, and those are yours.
这些是我的，而那些是你的。
These are striking proofs of this truth.
这些就是这一真理的有力证明。
These arguments make up the case for the defence.
这些论据是有利於被告的理由。
These bolts and nuts hold the wheels on.
这些螺栓和螺帽把轮子固定下为。
These bottles are not returnable.
这些瓶子不可退还。
These cases are viewed as models.
这些案例被视为典范。
These coins are minted in China hundreds of years ago.
这些钱币数百年前铸造于中国。
These creatures spend their lives blow(the) ground.
这些生物在地下度过它们的一生。
These difficulties are caused by natural disasters.
这些困难都是由自然灾害造成的。
These events were all linked together.
这些事件都是相互联系的。
These figures are very important and you must print them in.
这些数字非常重要，你必须加印进去。
These gas lasers give off a continuous beam.
这种气体激光器产生连续不断光束。
These greatly improved their working conditions.
这些大大改善了他们的劳动条件。
These ideas have been forming in my mind.
这些想法慢慢在我脑中形成。
These last are my friends.
最後提到的这几位就是我的朋友。
These mats will wear for20 or30 years.
这种草席能用二三十年。
These methods have proved quite effective.
这些办法证明是很有成效的。
These new shoes are so tiff that they rub the skin off my ankles.
这双新鞋太硬，将脚踝上的皮都磨破了。
These old people are unaccustomed to the pressure of modern life.
这些老人不习惯现代生活的紧张压力。
These peculiar forms not only seemed designed to shock people emotionally, but to give them electric shocks as well!
这些奇异的造型设计，似乎不仅用来在感情上给人们以强烈的刺激，而且也给人们以电休克的刺激。
These pigs laid on quick.
这些猪长膘真快。
These players made a very good combination.
这些运动员配合得很好。
These proposals were embodied in the Industrial Relations Act.
这些建议在《劳资关系条例》中得到了体现。
These rich deposits are scheduled for large-scale extraction in the future.
这些丰富矿藏计划将来进行大规模的开采。
These schools enable a boy or girl to change educational plans during the high school years, moving from the vocational track into the academic or vice versa.
这些学校能使一个男生或女生在高中阶段改变培养计划，从职业教育轨道转到普通教育轨道；或者相反。
These shoes lace easily.
这双鞋的鞋带容易系。
These stains won't come off, I'm afraid.
我看，这些污点去不掉。
These teachings lit up my mind, pointed out the direction and gave me endless strength.
这些教导照亮了我的心，指明了方向，给了我无限的力量。
These trees fruit annually.
这些树每年结实。
These two pieces of wood makes a funny noise when you knock them together.
你把这两块木头互相敲击就会发出有趣的怪声音。
These various units took note of local conditions and exchanged information.
这些不同单位注意了当地条件，并互相交流了情况。
These were vital decisions that bore upon the happiness of everybody.
这是一些影响每个人幸福的极其重要的决定。
These young characters who take dope go around all hopped up.
这些吸毒的年轻家伙一个个都昏昏沉沉地到处走动。
They accorded a warm welcome to us.
他们给与我们热烈的欢迎。
They adopted the decision in disregard of our repeated warnings.
他们置我们的多次警告于不顾，采纳了该项决定。
They agreed to a man.
他们一致同意。
They all board in at the college.
他们都在学院里就餐。
They all indicate people expressing emotions, often with tears.
这些词均指强烈感情的表现，常伴有眼泪。
They all sang the refrain.
他们齐声唱这首歌的迭句。
They all want to watch a game of football.
他们都想看一场足球比赛。
They also put out a pamphlet in English of this statement.
他们还出了这个声明的英文单行本。
They always think things through before they act.
他们总是仔细想清楚了才行动。
They appointed him secretary.
他们任命他为秘书。
They are actually glad I am leaving, are not they?
他们很高兴我要离开，对不对？
They are always bicker when they meet at school.
在学校见面时他们总是争吵。
They are at the threshold of a new career.
他们正要开始干一番新的事业。
They are both in the wrong.
他们二人都错了。
They are capable of all sorts of wrongdoings.
他们什么坏事都干得出来。
They are cut it fine by arriving at the airport5 minutes before they are supposed to leave.
他们时间算得太紧了，在飞机起飞前五分钟才赶到机场。
They are divided on the quality of teaching in the university.
他们对该大学的教学质量看法不一。
They are face to face with a new problem which they must solve at once.
他们面临着一个必须马上解决的新问题。
They are friendly with us.
他们对我们很友好。
They are going to play a gag on their mom when she comes home.
他们打算在他们的妈妈回家时跟她开个玩笑。
They are hoping for a positive result from the experiment.
他们希望从实验中获得阳性结果。
They are induction coils.
它们是感应线圈。
They are liable to knock him off if he talks.
要是他讲出来，他们很可能谋杀他。
They are mobilizing their supporters to vote at the election.
他们正在组织其支持者向他们拉选票。
They are not engineers, are they?
他们不是工程师，对吗？
They are now all well provided for.
现在他们的生活都有了很好的安排。
They are paid more because of their long years of service.
由于工作年限较长，他们的工资要高一点。
They are pressing ahead with a winter work project.
他们正在加紧进行一项冬季工程。
They are rolled into sheet or strips of various thickness to make car bodies, tin cans, refrigerators etc.
低碳钢被轧制成各种厚度的薄板和带材，用于制造汽车车身、罐头、冰箱等。
They are shop assistants.
他们是售货员。
They are supposed to have discovered America.
人们认为是他们发现了美洲。
They are the leading company in the field.
他们是这个领域的主要或大公司。
They are trying to find a cleaner fuel for car.
他们正试图找一种更乾净的汽车燃料。
They are unhealthy children because they do not have enough to eat.
这些孩子身体不好，因为他们缺乏食物。
They are weaken by a diet that is low in protein.
他们日常饮食中蛋白质含量不足，因而身体虚弱。
They argued their actions had nothing to do with the riot, but I think that's debatable.
他们辩解道，他们的行为与这次骚乱没有关系，但我认为这话未必正确。
They asked for bid for the supply of spare parts.
他们要求卖方给供给的备件出价。
They asked the cyclist, "Why didn't you ring"?
他们问骑自行车的人：“你为什么不按铃？”
They attach great(little) importance to the opinions of the majority
他们十分（不大）重视大多数人的意见。
They battered at the gate.
他们猛敲那个门。
They became deeply intoxicated and totally disoriented.
他们酩酊大醉，东南西北全然不辨。
They behaved very coolly in a dangerous situation.
他们处在危险境况时表现很冷静。
They blindfold my eyes for a week after the operation.
手术後他们把我的眼睛蒙了一周时间。
They both played in the tennis match.
他们两个人都叁加那场网球比赛。
They bought two cars and a truck in a package deal that saved them a lot of money.
他们买的两辆轿车和一辆卡车是整批交易，所以，他们省了一大笔钱。
They broke into their emergency supplies of food and water.
他们动用了应急食物和饮水储备。
They built a wall to keep wolves out of their ranch.
他们围了一堵墙，防止狼进入牧场。
They call the strike off.
他们取消了罢工。
They came in by twos and threes.
他们三三两两地进来。
They came, spoiling for a showdown.
他们来此，希望一决雌雄。
They can not have foresee how thing will turn out.
他们不可能预知事情的结果。
They can't keep away from their regular work for long.
他们不能长期离开他们的本职工作。
They carried out criticism and self-criticism and made many valuable proposals.
他们进行了批评和自我批评，提出了许多有价值的建议。
They certainly are hard workers.
他们肯定是勤奋工作的人
They checked out all the goods in the grocery store.
他们将这家杂货店全部货物列了一份清单。
They clamped down on the newspapers.
他们施加压力制止报纸报道。
They combed out the whole place for the lost children.
他们搜遍了这一带地方寻找那些走失的孩子。
They concentrated a superior force to insure against defeat.
他们为保证不致失败，集中了优势兵力。
They consigned the goods to us.
他们已将该商品销于本公司。
They could hear thunder rolling in the distance.
他们可以听到远处有隆隆的雷声。
They couldn't agree whether to have the office redecorated in yellow or green so I forced the issue by saying that if they didn't decide today it would stay as it is.
他们对办公室重新用黄颜色还是绿颜色来装饰不能取得一致意见，因此我被迫决定，如果他们今天决定不了，那就不再装饰了。
They covenanted that they would sell only to certain buyers.
他们订定只卖给某些特定买主的契约。
They crowed their heads off when they won the General Election.
大选获胜时，他们高兴地欢叫起来。
They dare not play joke on him in case he become angry.
他们不敢对他开玩笑，怕他发火。
They decided to bring the property to the hammer.
他们决定把这份产业拿出去拍卖。
They decided to kick him upstairs and appoint a younger man to take his place.
他们决定对他明升暗降，让一位比他年轻的人来接替他目前的职位。
They decided to sit down and straighten out their differences.
他们决定坐下来谈判，解决彼此之间的分歧。
They delivered an ultimatum to Iraq.
他们向伊拉克发出最后通牒。
They did a wonderful play last year.
去年他们上演了一个优秀的剧目。
They did not discuss this problem yesterday afternoon.
昨天下午他们没有讨论这个问题。
They did this to save customers time and trouble.
他们这样做是为了使顾客省时间，省事。
They didn't mind the news becoming public.
公开这消息他们并不在意。
They discovered that he was a police plant.
他们发现他是警方的眼线。
They divided up the money.
他们把钱分了。
They do not pay attention its establishment.
他们没有注意到它的建立。
They don't approve of my way of looking at things.
他们不赞成我看事情的方法。
They don't understand the seriousness [importance] of this question.
他们不了解这个问题的严重性[重要性]。
They drew lots for the right to go first.
他们抓阄儿决定谁先走。
They dubbed him Fatty because of his size.
因为他个子大，人们便称他为胖子。
They eloped last week.
他们上星期私奔了。
They enjoy dishing out advice to everyone.
他们喜欢给所有的人提建议。
They exchange a few words.
他们交换了几句话。
They exposed the true aims of the war.
他们揭露了这次战争的真实目的。
They fastened exclusively on the dynamo of the latest design.
他们的注意力完全集中在最新式的发电机上。
They fell into each other's arms lovingly.
他们亲密地拥抱在一起。
They felt that we had performed a miracle in this respect.
他们感到在这方面我们创造了奇迹。
They finally delivered him of all his fears.
他们最后把他的疑虑都消除了。
They finished the task in no time.
他们一下子就完成了任务。
They fixed the blame on me.
他们归罪于我。
They focused their attention on the main problems.
他们把注意力集中在主要问题上。
They formed the so-called"third force".
他们构成了所谓第三势力。
They found the answer correct.
他们觉得答案正确。
They gad about Europe a lot, going to expensive restaurants and shows.
他们下高级馆子，享受高级娱乐，可把欧洲逛了个够。
They gave him the boot for coming late.
他们因他迟到而开除了他。
They gave up their holiday to lend a hand in the work.
他们放弃了假日来帮助进行这项工作。
They give us an offer for the goods.
他们向我们提供该商品的报价。
They got around the lack of drinking water by eating water melons.
他们吃西瓜以解决缺少饮用水的困难。
They got on to the offender very soon.
他们很快就查明了罪犯。
They greeted him with many expressions of pleasure.
他们说了许多表示欢迎他的话。
They had a high old time at George's party.
他们在乔治家的晚会上尽情欢乐。
They had been together all season and seemed to resent out coming in on the tag end off it.
他们整个季节都在一起，似乎憎恨我们在末尾几天中加入进来。
They had it all out yesterday and cleared the air a little.
昨天他们对那个问题进行了彻底的讨论，稍许消除了一点误会。
They had pumped the well dry, and could get no more water.
他们已把井水抽干了，再也抽不出水来。
They had to accustom themselves to the hot weather.
他们不得不使自己习惯于炎热的天气。
They had to lower their sights and buy a smaller house than they would have liked.
他们原来想买一所大房子，後来不得不降低要求买一所较小的。
They had to watch their young family die off through lack of food.
他们不得不眼睁睁看着孩子们因为没有东西吃一个个死掉。
They hated that conceited, self-satisfied creature.
他们讨厌那个高傲自满的家伙。
They have a vacancy for a secretary.
他们有个秘书的空缺。
They have arranged a few pieces of music for play at the concert.
他们已改编了几支乐曲，准备在音乐会上演奏。
They have been hanging on in the unlawfully occupied area.
他们一直赖在那个非法占领的地区不走。
They have been told that rescue operations are progressing smoothly.
他们一直被告知说救援工作进行得很顺利。
They have broken through in various fields of research.
他们在各个研究领域中都有所突破。
They have decided to close that branch down.
他们决定把那个分公司关闭掉。
They have fastened up all their things.
他们已经捆扎好行装。
They have gone to the port.
他们去港口了。
They have insist on a full pictorial coverage of the event.
他们坚持要用图片来报导这些事件。
They have lent out the car to some friends.
他们把车借给一些朋友。
They have mucked out the pigsty.
他们已经把猪栏打扫过了。
They have objected to him on personal grounds.
他们由于私人间关系而反对他。
They have put some money away in the bank.
他们在银行里存了点钱。
They have sent me some pictures of Guilin.
他们寄给了我几张桂林的图片。
They have succeeded to admiration.
他们取得了圆满的成功。
They have to keep the room dark to develop the films.
他们冲洗胶卷时必须保证室内无光。
They have turned the corner and the work is now a success.
困难已经过去，现在工作很顺利。
They heaped blame upon him.
他们把责任都归咎于他。
They held most of the shares in the business.
他们占有这个企业的大部分股票（份）。
They hissed down the author when he tried to speak.
当那个作家想发言时，他们嘘得他不作声了。
They hope she will ease up a bit after the matter is over.
他们希望这件事过去后她会宽心一些。
They hung out flags for the Queen's visit.
他们悬旗以迎接女王的莅临。
They incline to think so.
他们往往这样想。
They inspired and organized a great demonstration against the king.
他们鼓动并组织了一次反对国王的大示威。
They jeered at the proposal put forward by the speaker.
他们对发言者的建议讥笑了一通。
They keep on read english aloud every day.
他们保持每天朗读英语。
They kept it for Mary.
他们给玛丽留的。
They kitted themselves out to catch changes in the political wind.
他们作好准备，等待政治风向的变化。
They knocked together a rough box with wooden boards.
他们用木板拼成一个粗糙的箱子。
They laid mines to keep the enemy from coming near.
他们埋下地雷，使敌人没法接近。
They lasted out till they were rescued.
他们一直支持到被救出为止。
They led two revolutions and failed.
他们领导过两次革命，都失败了。
They let on that they didn't care about not being invited, but I could tell that they were hurt.
他们对没被邀请一事装作毫不在乎，可是我看出他们感情上受到了挫伤。
They like to look back on those unforgettable years in the army.
他们喜欢回忆在部队的那些难忘的岁月。
They live in a cottage near by.
他们住在附近的一栋农舍里。
They live on a farm.
他们住在农场。
They lived well, on the proceeds of raids on neighbouring regions.
他们靠对邻近地区的掠夺所得过着舒适的生活。
They look upon her as their big sister.
他们把她看作是大姐。
They lost the contract because their bid was too high.
他们因索价太高而失去了那张合同
They made a break-through in missiles, and by1961, 2, and3, they will be out-numbering us in missiles.
他们在导弹方面已经取得突破，到了1961或62、63年，他们的导弹数量将超出我们。
They made her wait.
他们叫她等着。
They made the experiment at night.
他们在晚上做的实验。
They manage to carry on their experiment in spite of the difficulty.
虽有困难，他们还是设法使试验继续下去。
They may be wanting to know when you leave for home.
他们可能是想知道你什么时候回家。
They mess about in the club most of the summer.
夏天的大部分时间他们都在俱乐部闲混。
They mislaid the linoleum.
他们把亚麻油毡放错了地方
They must be resolved on the highest plane of national interest, if our cause is to prove sound and our future protected.
如果我们的动因要被证实是正确的。如果要保障我们的将来，制定关于国家利益的最高纲领时就必须考虑到它们。
They must take this. It is Hobson's choice.
他们只能要这一个，没有选择的余地。
They needed time and practice to master the skill.
他们要掌握这个技术，还需要时间和练习。
They never seem to have a proper plan but manage to muddle through somehow.
他们似乎从来没有个合适的计划，但又总干出了些成绩。
They objected that discipline was lacking.
他们提出缺少纪律作为反对的理由
They offered to pay$2 a pound for the biggest biscuit baked by a listener.
他们提出以每磅两美元的价格购买听众烤出的最大饼干。
They often quarrel but they always make up.
他们经常争争吵吵，但总会言归于好的。
They ordered a new roll royce for the managing director.
他们为总经理订购了一部新罗尔斯－罗伊斯高级汽车。
They overcharged me10 dollars for the meal.
那顿饭他们向我多索取十元。
They painted the kitchen and then decide to go the whole hog and redecorate the other room as well.
他们粉刷了厨房，後来又决心干到底，把其他房间也都修饰了一番。
They pay thirty fen per kilowatt hour.
他们每度电付三角钱。
They picked up as many people from the burning ship as they could.
他们竭尽全力从燃烧着的船上多救出乘客。
They plan to make a show with a movie star penciled in as the attraction.
他们计划公演一次，暂定一位电影明星做主要的卖座人物。
They play single this afternoon.
他们今天下午进行单打比赛。
They played the whole afternoon on the beach.
他们在海滩上玩了一下午。
They posed themselves up for the party.
他们盛装打扮，准备参加晚会。
They prepared all things necessary for the expedition.
他们准备了探险所需的一切东西。
They pried military information out of a prisoner.
他们逼着囚犯提供军事情报。
They proposed to form, a new party from those breaking away from the major groups.
他们计划由从各主要党派分裂出的人组成一个新党。
They pushed on through the woods until they reached an open road.
他们通过丛林向前推进，直到走上一条开阔的公路。
They put out for tenders for a new central heating system.
他们招标承办一套新的暖气设备。
They put up many tall buildings last year.
他们去年盖了许多高楼。
They rambled on through the woods.
他们漫步穿过树林。
They reached the other side at about midnight and lay to about four miles at shore.
他们在半夜前后到达对面，在离岸有4海里的地方停泊。
They received many letters of sympathy from well-wishers.
他们收到许多来信，寄信人向他们表示同情和祝福。
They refuse to pay.
他们拒绝付款。
They registered at the hotel under the name of macdonald.
他们以麦克唐纳（麦当劳）的名义在旅馆登记的。
They removed into the country.
他们搬迁到乡下去了。
They represent each society stratum.
他们代表各个社会阶层。
They rigged up the ship efficiently.
他们手脚利索地安装好了船上的帆缆和索具。
They rolled the child up in a blanket.
他们用毛毯把孩子裹了起来。
They rushed at the enemy.
他们冲向敌人。
They said three baby birds fall out of the nest.
他们说三只小鸟从窝里掉出来了。
They sat in a second-class compartment.
他们乘坐的是二等车厢。
They saw her at the conference.
他们在会议上看到了她
They say that they do not need alcohol any more.
他们说他们再也不需要酒精了。
They searched him for a hidden weapon.
他们在他身上搜查暗藏的武器。
They seem to regard it as a small triumph.
他们似乎认为这是一个小小的胜利。
They sell new and used furniture.
他们出售新旧家具。
They sent five dollars to Mr. Smith.
他们寄给史密斯先生五美元。
They served up the same old excuse for their slackness.
他们提出老一套的借口为自己的懈怠辩解。
They set sail with the first fair wind.
他们一有顺风就扬帆起航。
They settled their dispute and blew away disunity.
他们解决了争端，消除了不团结的局面。
They ship did not dock long enough for the crew to get shore leave.
船停泊的时间太短，因此船员们无法获准岸上休假。
They shouldn't have made such a hasty decision.
他们本不该作出这样草率的决定。
They shut off the gas and electricity in their house before leave on holiday.
他们出外度假之前把家中的煤气和电源关掉。
They slapped together a cabin out of old lumber.
他们利用旧木料草草地盖起了一间小屋。
They sometimes chatted away for hours.
他们有时一聊就是几个小时。
They speak they again do not need alcohol.
他们说他们再也不需要酒精了。
They spent the whole day wandering about seeing the sights.
他们花了一整天，到处跑跑，参观名胜古迹。
They squeezed through the crowd in a hurry.
他们急忙从人群中挤了过去。
They started five minutes ago; we must do all we can to catch up.
他们在五分钟之前就出发了，我们必须加紧赶上去。
They steadily gained in experience.
他们不断积累了经验。
They stood as a mark of respect when he came in.
当他进来时，他们站立着，以示敬意。
They stopped work when the whistle blew.
汽笛响了，他们就停止工作。
They study hard, so that they can serve the people better.
他们努力学习以便更好地为人民服务。
They suggest a variety of reasons for this secrecy.
这些动词暗示的行动隐秘原因不尽相同。
They switched positions.
他们交换了位置。
They take the office on a short let.
他们短期租用该办公室。
They talked the afternoon away in the park.
他们在公园里把整整一下午都谈掉了。
They tells I come too early.
他们告诉我我来的太早了。
They thought no one could hold up under such hardship. But we carried it through.
他们满以为没有人能忍受得住这种艰苦，但是我们还是挺过来了。
They threw some water on her face, and she soon came around.
他们把水洒在她的脸上，她不久就苏醒过来。
They told me how Mr. Gladstone read homer for fun, which I though serve him right.
人家告诉我，格莱斯顿先生如何为消遣而读荷马，我认为他活该如此。
They took my suggestions to heart and followed my advice.
他们认真考虑我的建议，并且听从了我的忠告。
They toured the museum.
他们叁观了那博物馆。
They treated him very well [all right, badly].
他们待他很好[还不错，不好]。
They tried to break up the strike by firing many of its leaders.
他们试图用解雇许多罢工领导人的办法来破坏罢工。
They tried to make the boy open up but in vain.
他们企图迫使那男孩把秘密说出来，可是没有成功。
They trooped away to the football game.
他们成群地去看足球。
They ultimately decided not to go.
他们最後决定不去。
They used crane to lift the container from the ship.
他们用起重机从船上把货柜吊起来。
They used to live in Scotland but they move down south.
他们以前住在苏格兰，後来移居南方了。
They voted out the measure.
他们否决了这项措施。
They walk up the stairs.
他们走上楼梯。
They want down town yesterday.
他们昨天到商业区去。
They want to remember who they're speaking to!
应该让他们明白是跟谁说话呢。
They wanted to stop me, but they can't now.
他们想阻止我，可现在他们不可能了。
They watched the fish swimming in the aquarium.
他们看着鱼在水缸里游着。
They went all out against the war.
他们极力反对这次战争。
They went on to ask a string of questions about our college education.
他们接着又提了一系列有关我们大学教育的问题。
They were a unit on the question.
他们在这个问题上意见一致。
They were all very pleased with the news.
他们听到那消息都很高兴。
They were baffled in their test.
他们的测验失败了。
They were checking stock.
他们正在盘货。
They were defeated all hollow.
他们被彻底打垮了。
They were done up after the journey.
经过这次旅行他们都筋疲力尽了。
They were fighting together in the public bar.
他们在一个大众酒吧里打架。
They were got up in their best clothes.
他们都穿上了最好的衣服。
They were impressed by his sincerity and straightforwardness.
他的诚恳直率给他们留下了很深的印象。
They were killed, to the last man, in a futile attack.
因一次进攻失败，他们全部被杀，无一幸免。
They were much moved at the story.
听了这故事，他们非常感动。
They were observing a suspected person.
他们在监视可疑的人。
They were presented with flowers on arrival at the airport.
在他们到达机场时，向他们献了花。
They were running towards the house, but we headed them off by calling from the field.
他们朝房子跑去，不过我们在原野里喊他们，叫他们停了下来。
They were so far away that I couldn't make out their faces clearly.
他们离得那么远，我无法清楚地认出他们的面孔。
They were supposed to be here an hour ago.
他们应该在一小时以前到达这里。
They were tired of waiting.
他们已经等得厌烦了。
They were very busy and had to hold up on all plans to travel.
他们很忙，不得不把所有的旅行计划都推迟了。
They were wrecked on the reef.
他们因船触礁而遭遇海难。
They will be arriving either before of after the show begins.
他们不是在演出之前到达就是在演出之后到达。
They will depend more on their parents.
他们将更加依赖父母。
They will meet you outside the theater at7.15.
他们七点十五分在剧场外和你碰头。
They will set forth on a thirty-mile hike tomorrow afternoon.
他们将要在明天下午出发作30英里的徒步旅行。
They wiped out illiteracy in their village within a few years.
他们在几年内就消除了村里的文盲。
They won't hate you any more.
他们不会再恨你。
They work hard, so do you.
他们努力工作，你也一样。
They worked on without cease.
他们不停地工作下去。
They would just drop in on us for a chat at any moment.
他们随时都会来我们这儿聊天。
They wound their way through the narrow valley.
他们在狭窄的山谷中迂前进。
They'll be enjoying the sunshine.
他们可能正在舒服地晒太阳。
They'll hold together in life and death whatever may happen.
不管发生什么情况，他们都将团结一致，生死与共。
They're all of a kind.
他们都是同类。
They're demanding a four-day week.
他们在要求每星期工作四天。
They're not mine.
不是我的。
They're selling off their furniture because they're moving to Australia.
他们正在卖光家具，因为他们就要迁居澳大利亚了。
They've always had a big garden.
他们一直有一个大花园。
They've done a remarkable job.
他们干得相当不错。
They've paid out nearly￡500 this month.
这个月他们支付了将近500镑。
Thick and fast indeed came the events.
事情接二连三地发生。
Thieves raided the bank and got away with a lot of money.
盗贼抢劫银行，掠走了大批现款。
Thing that limits a person's freedom of action
限制人行动自由的事物；束缚
Things are happening so fast that she's at sixes and sevens about what to do next.
事情发生得如此之快，她感到心绪烦乱，不知下一步如何是好。
Things can go wrong on a big scale as a number of people recently discovered in Parramatta, a suburb of Sydney.
正如悉尼郊区帕拉马塔的许多人最近发现的那样，事情出岔子的规模可能很大。
Things went bravely during his absence.
他不在期间，事情进行得很顺利。
Think hard before you answer the question.
回答问题前先仔细想一想。
Thinking of oneself as more important than one really is; upstart
自视过高的；自负的；暴富的；暴发的
Thirty yuan Renminbi, but we do not do lunch.
一天30元人民币，但我们不供应午餐。
This activity applies to all children under12.
这项，活动适用于十二岁以下的儿童。
This aircraft company deals with freight only; it has no passenger service.
＂这家航空公司只办理货运业务，没有客运服务。＂
This area comes under the power of the local court.
这个地区属于地方法院的权力范围。
This article is long enough to fill in two pages.
这篇文章长得足够排满两页版面。
This award is a tribute to Walter's twenty years of dedicated service to the company.
这一奖品是对沃尔特２０年来全心全意为公司效力的赞扬。
This beer has gone flat.
这啤酒已经走汽了。
This bill is a"pork barrel" proposition.
这项法案是一项“政治分肥”的办法。
This book costs ten dollars.
这本书值十美元。
This book has256 pages.
这本书共二百五十六页。
This book is out of stock.
这本书脱销了。
This book sentimentalizes the suffering of the disabled.
这本书以柔懦的笔调渲染了残疾人的痛苦。
This box is five times less than that one.
这个盒子比那个盒子小五倍。
This boy's honesty is above suspicion.
这孩子的诚实是不容质疑的。
This building is detached from the other buildings nearby.
这幢楼房与周围的其它楼房毫不相干。
This business is a cover for unlawful activity.
这家商行是搞非法活动的隐蔽处。
This can be achieved by means of firebricks.
这一点可以用耐火砖来达到。
This car is a one-off model.
这种型号的汽车只生产过一次。
This car's good for many more miles.
这辆汽车还能行驶很多英里。
This chair wobbles.
这张椅子会摇晃。
This city has had a chequered history.
这座城市曾有一段盛衰无常的历史。
This cloth does not shrink in the wash.
这块布洗了不会缩水。
This coat has no pockets.
这件外衣没有口袋。
This colour doesn't seem to fall in with my age.
这种颜色似乎和我的年龄不相称。
This concerns the healthy growth of the children deeply.
这事对孩子们的健康成长关系极大。
This cork fits in nicely.
这个软木塞正好塞得进。
This course is designed as an introduction to the subject.
这门课程是作为该科目的入门课而开设的。
This custom can reach back Tang Dynasty.
这个风俗可追溯到唐朝。
This decline in vigour with the passing of time is called ageing.
这种随着时间流逝的活力衰退就叫做衰老。
This dictionary enable you to understand English words.
这本词典使你能理解英语词汇。
This dirty deal was sewn up over drinks in the hotel bar.
这笔肮脏交易是在旅馆酒吧间喝酒时谈妥的。
This document includes many articles.
这个文件包括许多条文。
This dormant volcano suddenly fired up.
这座休眠火山突然爆发了。
This dress is made of silk, isn't it?
这件衣服是丝绸做的，对吗？　
This echo-location in bats is often compared with radar, the principle of which is similar.
蝙蝠的回声定位常常可与雷达比较，其原理是一样的。
This evening dress is fashioned after the latest Paris model.
这件晚礼服是仿照最新巴黎式样做成的。
This explanation evidently conveyed something to the girl who searched shelf after shelf.
这一解释显然使售货员有所领悟，所以她一个个货架地寻找。
This famous university is in the front rank of the institutes.
在所有学院中这所大学是第一流的。
This film is a drag.
这部电影枯燥乏味。
This firm prints a lot of musical and sports books.
这家公司出版了大量的音乐和体育书籍。
This food is a Sichuan speciality. Help yourself, please.
这是四川名菜，请大家不必客气。
This fuse is rated at50 amperes.
这根保险丝的熔断极限是五十安培的电流
This girl is more lovable than her friend.
这个姑娘比她的朋友更可爱。
This greatly reduced the threat presented by typhoons.
这就大大减轻了台风造成的威胁。
This happened under her very eyes.
这件事情就在她眼前发生了。
This head must have been found in Classical times and carefully preserved.
这个头颅准是在古西腊，罗马时代被找到并被谨慎地保存过。
This horn is out of tune.
这小号音调不正。
This house is incapable of repair.
这房子已无法修理。
This illness makes me feel so tired that some days I don't know how to keep going.
这病使我疲惫不堪，现在我不知如何坚持下去。
This ink won't smear.
这种墨水不会被擦污。
This is Mr. Cruise.
这是克鲁斯先生。
This is a book useful for beginners in French.
这是一本对初学法语的人有帮助的书。
This is a day to get things out into the open, particularly money matters.
今天是把事情公开的日子，尤其是钱的问题。
This is a good fit.
这很合身。
This is a life-and-death struggle concerning who will win out.
这是一场关系到谁战胜谁的生死斗争。
This is a novel reeking with sentimentalism.
这是一本充满着感伤主义的小说。
This is a question of great moment.
这是一个重要的问题。
This is a sixty. Try it for size.
这是60号的，试试它的大小合不合适。
This is a very good vintage.
这是一瓶上等佳酿酒。
This is an easy task.
这是件简单的工作。
This is at root a question of biology.
这根本上是一个生物学问题。
This is extremely irritating.
这简直令人发疯。
This is how it happened.
事情的经过是这样的。
This is just what we have long sought for.
这正是我们很久以来要找的东西。
This is neither the time nor the place to exercise your wit. Kindly settle down and attend to the business in hand.
现在不是锻炼你的智力的时间和场合，请坐下来专心完成手头的工作吧。
This is not an industry that would rock along quietly from one decade to the next.
这不是一种几十年都能够平稳而顺利地发展的工业。
This is on me, I insist.
这一定得由我付帐。
This is only the first half.
这才是上半场呢。
This is paradise on earth.
这是世上的极乐。
This is such a small dictionary that I can put it in my pocket.
这是一本很小的字典，我能把它藏在口袋里。
This is the best restaurant in town, bar none.
这是城里绝无仅有的好餐馆。
This is the chief obstacle to world peace.
这是世界和平的主要障碍。
This is the finest picture I have ever seen.
这是我见到过的最好的图画。
This is the longest street in the city.
这是镇子里的最长的街道。
This is the nicest song I have ever heard.
这是我听到过的最美妙的歌。
This is the problem of price.
这是价格的问题。
This is the woman who was once adopted as a baby.
这就是那个在孩提时代曾经被人寄养过的妇女。
This is was green at a time when other ivies had pooped out.
这株常春藤在其他常春藤已凋谢时依然青翠。
This is where our basic interest lies.
这是我们的基本利益所在。
This is, I believe, all the news concerning the conference.
我看这就是有关会议的全部消息了。
This jar of pure honey weighs350 grams net.
这瓶纯蜂蜜净重三百五十克。
This kind of bike is set at100 dollars.
这种自行车定价100美元。
This kind of weather often brings on influenza.
这种天气常常会引起流行性感冒。
This last consignment of hosiery is quite up to standard.
这批新到的针织品完全符合规格。
This lemon juice is very strong. You should water it down.
这柠檬汁很浓，你该把它冲淡些。
This line of conduct seems advisable to me.
这一行动方针对我来说似乎是很可取的。
This lotion should help clear your skin of spots.
这种药水有助于去除你皮肤上的污斑。
This machine is used to crush the rock up for road building.
这台机器用于碎石，以供筑路之需。
This magazine comes out quarterly.
这种杂志一年发行四期。
This man turned and hit Peter for no rhyme or reason.
那个转过身来，无缘无故地打彼得。
This matter will go over until the next session.
这件事将留待下次会议讨论。
This meat smell bad.
这肉闻起来像是坏了。
This medicine will settle your nerves.
这种药可以镇定你的神经。
This method can be used in conjunction with other methods.
这种方法可以和其他方法结合使用。
This misprint led to great confusion.
这个印刷错误造成很大的混淆。
This monument was built to perpetuate the memory of Abraham Lincoln.
这座纪念碑是为了永怀亚伯拉罕。林肯而建立的。
This motorcar handles well.
这摩托车很好驾驶。
This must be your brother: I can see a family likeness.
这位一定是你哥哥，我看你们长得很像。
This new cooker has a special way of cleaning itself, so it saves all the trouble of scouring off the dirt.
这种新式炊具有一种特殊的自动清洗方法，可以省去擦洗污垢的麻烦。
This new method is on trial.
这种新方法在试用中。
This news make us all sit up and take notice.
这消息立即引起我们大家的注意。
This noun is used only attributively.
这个名词仅作修饰形容词用。
This nylon doesn't knit up as well as pure wool.
这种尼龙不象纯羊毛那样好织。
This old carriage antedates the invention of the car.
这辆旧马车是在汽车发明前就存在的。
This old stamp isn't sticky any more; I shall have to gum it down onto the envelope.
这枚旧邮票再没有粘性了。我要用胶水把它粘到信封上去。
This opera finely brings out his spirit of wholehearted dedication to the revolution.
这个戏很好地表现了他全心全意献身革命的精神。
This painting depicts the Battle of Waterloo.
这幅画描绘了滑铁卢战役。
This paper tears easily.
这种纸一撕就破。
This paste lacks body.
这浆糊没有黏劲。
This photograph was taken with a cheap camera.
这张照片是用一架廉价照相机拍摄的。
This pill will help to settle your nerves.
你吃了这片药神经就不那麽紧张了。
This plan of yours cuts into our schedule rather badly.
你们的这个计划要占去我日程表里不少时间。
This poem doesn't say much to me.
我体会不出这首诗好在什麽地方
This point should be brought home to our cadres.
这一点应当使人们的干部明白。
This price will leave us no profit to speak of; therefore, we consider it as unworkable.
这种价格使得我们毫无利润可言，因此我们认为它是不可行的。
This problem is the most difficult in the three ones.
这个问题是三个中最难的一个。
This project tied up a great deal of manpower.
这项工程占用了大量人力。
This question has been set at rest.
这个问题已经得到解决。
This red wine is soft and fruity.
这种红葡萄酒不含酒精而且果味浓。
This report is positively denied in official circles, who affirm that nothing of the kind occured, but that the story is made of whole cloth.
这篇报导为官方人士断然否认，他们断言根本没有这回事，其内容线性凭空捏造。
This river is about300 miles long.
这条河大约有三百英里长。
This room could do with a cleaning.
这房间需要打扫一下。
This room needs slicking up.
这房间需要收拾整洁。
This rubbish had been disposed of.
这些垃圾已经处理了。
This scene acts well.
这个情景很适于舞台演出
This sentence bears no other construction.
这个句子没有别的解释。
This shop can fit you out with anything you need.
这家商店可以提供你所需要的任何东西。
This shows man can work wonders.
这说明人可以创造奇迹。
This skirt is too long. Send it back to the shop.
这条裙子太长了，退还给商店去。
This softening of the brain would ended in madness.
这种脑软化结果会导致疯颠。
This special cream will help to soften up our skin.
这种特殊的护肤霜有助于使皮肤变得柔软。
This statement refers to all of us.
这声明兴我们大家都有关。
This story inspires people.
这故事是振奋人心的。
This struggle brought good results.
这一斗争取得了可喜的成果。
This suit show your figure off nicely.
这套装把你的身材很好地衬托出来了。
This tailor is famous for making good suit.
这位裁缝以做高级西装而出名。
This tendency is now spreading rapidly downwards.
现在这种趋势正在迅速地蔓延到社会下层。
This thesis deals with the physical operation of robots.
这篇论文论及机器人的机体操做。
This time he trampled on her pride.
这次他伤害了她的自尊心。
This toothache has been nagging at me for days.
这次牙痛已经使我几天不得安宁了。
This train calls at every station.
这列火车每个站都停。
This trick escaped detection at the time.
这骗局那时候没被发觉。
This unit have become more advanced than before.
这装置变得比以前更先进了。
This victory demonstrates that our Party deserves to be called a great, glorious and correct party.
这次胜利表明我们的党不愧是一个伟大、光荣、正确的党。
This was a pleasure she could not deny herself.
这是一种她不愿放弃的乐趣。
This was something we had not figured on at all.
这是我们完全没有预料到的事。
This was your best performance, bar none.
毫无例外，这是你最好的演出
This weekend is certain to be enjoyable.
这个周末一定很有意思。
This will confirm reservation made by phone on Monday for two box seats for the afternoon of March10 for" King Lear".
现确定一下我们于星期一通过电话预订的三月十日下午“李尔王”那场剧的两张包厢戏票。
This will make up for what he lacked in book knowledge.
这就可以补足他们缺的书本知识。
This wine is inferior to that in flavor.
这种葡萄酒的味道比那种差。
This wool makes up into a warm shawl.
这种羊毛织成了很暖和的围巾
This work is getting on top of me.
这件工作我无法胜任了。
This wretched rheumatism has been playing me up again.
这讨厌的风湿病又在找我的麻烦了。
This year's final is a needle match between Manchester City and their old rivals Manchester United.
曼彻斯特城市队与老对手曼彻底斯特联合队都想竭力赢得今年决赛的胜利。
This, of course, involves certain difficulties[painstaking work].
这当然会带来一些困难[需要进行艰苦的工作]。
Those against?
反对的？
Those aren't you pens, are they?
那钢笔不是你的，对吧？
Those caves may house snakes or some other wild animals.
那些洞里也许有蛇或者其它什么野兽。
Those facilities are intended to civilize people.
那些设施的目的在於教化民众。
Those hotels offer plain comforts.
那些旅馆只有普通的设备。
Those men aren't students, either.
那些人也不是学生。
Those old railway carriages will be broken up for scrap.
那些旧火车车厢将用来拆取废铁。
Those salesmen who go over the top this month will get a bonus.
那些在本月超额完成定额的推销员将会得一笔奖金。
Those the small chickens run below the hen wing in order to hide.
那些小鸡为了躲避跑到了母鸡翅膀的下面。
Those who constitute the executive branch of a government.
行政机关，管理部门构成政府行政机构者
Those who never have to change house become indiscriminate collectors of what can only be described as clutter.
那些从不需要搬家的人，不分青红皂白地收藏了一些只能说是杂七杂八的东西。
Those who wish to undermine it want, but, according to our Scotch proverb, a hair to make a tether of.
照我们苏格兰谚语来说，那些想要破坏的人只需要一丁点儿小借口便可以兴风作浪。
Though Britons still drank more tea than any other beverage, coffee now came a close second.
尽管茶仍是英国人最喜欢喝的饮料，但咖啡现已略居其次。
Though friends for many years, the two lawyers finally ended up enemies.
虽然是多年老友，这两个律师最后还是成了冤家对头。
Though he was not noticed by the police, he felt the need to criticize him-self for it.
虽然警察没有看见，他却感到有必要作自我批评。
Though it was a very difficult job, Helen was able to bring it off successfully ahead of schedule.
尽管那项工作很艰巨，海伦还是成功地提前完成了任务。
Though they could be seen, they were out of hearing.
虽然可以看到他们，但因为太远，听不见他们在说什么。
Though wounded, he continued fighting as if nothing had happened.
他受了伤却像没发生什么事似地继续战斗。
Thousands of eyes are fixed on the Tian An Men rostrum.
千万双眼睛仰望着天安门城楼。
Threatened strike by air-traffic controllers
航空调度员扬言要进行的罢工
Three concerts in a week is going it rather, isn't it?
一个星期三场音乐会真是有点拼命干，对不对？
Three masked bandits stuck up a bank yesterday.
三个蒙面盗匪昨天抢劫了一家银行。
Three problems must be posed here.
有三个问题必须在这提出。
Three witnesses saw her at the scene of the crime and so the police naturally thought they had an open and shut case.
三个目击者证明她在犯罪现场，所以警方认为解决问题的办法已非常清楚。
Through a regrettable oversight I failed to send you an invitation.
十分抱歉，由于我的疏忽，我没有给你发邀请信
Through traffic; through lanes.
直达交通；直达通道
Throw away that break dish.
把那破碟子甩掉。
Throwing my mind back to five years, I understood what my teacher told me.
回想5年以前，我理解了教师告诉我的一切。
Thus they managed to finish their autumn ploughing in time.
就这样他们及时完成了他们的秋耕任务。
Tianjin is to the southeast of Beijing.
天津在北京的东南方。
Tie this end to the pole but leave the other end free.
将这一端系在柱子上，让另一端松开著。
Till thy business all lies waste.
直到你的使命被完全废弃。
Tim went to London himself.
蒂姆自己去伦敦了。
Time had expunged from his memory all recollections of the terrible events he had witnessed.
随着岁月的流逝，他逐渐忘却了他曾目睹过的可怕事件。
Time is getting on.
时间渐晚。
Time past; yore.
过去；以前
Time wears on more slowly when you are not interested.
当你感到没趣时，时间过的很慢。
Time's up. I have to hang up the receiver now.
时间到了，我必须挂断电话了。
Tina is always teasing her brother and unfortunately he can't take it.
蒂娜总是取笑她弟弟，然而遗憾的是他受不了。
Tired as he was he offered to carry the child.
尽管他很累，他却还提出要抱这个孩子。
To The general began his army life as a private soldier and landed up as ruler of his country.
这位将军以列兵身份开始他的戎马生涯，最后竟成为国家的统治者。
To abandon; relinquish.
放弃；停止：
To accept punishment or take the blame for an offense or error.
接受处罚接受惩罚或因为冒犯或错误而接受批评
To achieve equal scores in a contest.
平分在比赛中取得相同的比分
To act as a conduit for stolen goods.
买卖赃物获取或转让赃物的行为
To act in a deliberately artificial, vulgar, or banal way.
故意夸张做作蓄意做作地、粗俗地或平庸地做
To act, grow, or move in a wanton manner; be wanton.
生活奢侈以一种放荡的方式表演、生长或移动；放荡
To address a court as a lawyer or an advocate.
辩护作为一名律师或辩护者在法庭上发言
To adjust(a lens, for example) to produce a clear image.
调焦调整（如透镜）而得到清晰图象
To adopt for use by or in the military.
被军事中采用或用在军事中的
To affect a wistful or languid air, especially in order to gain sympathy.
表现出惹人爱怜的倦态做出渴望的或疲倦的神态，尤其是为了赢得同情
To agree a deal where the term is favourable to you.
同意达成一项条款对你有利的交易。
To allocate time for.
为…安排出时间
To alter the structure of(a protein), as with heat, alkali, or acid, so that some of its original properties, especially its biological activity, are diminished or eliminated.
使变质改变（蛋白质的）结构，例如通过加热、加碱、加酸等等，以减少或消除（蛋白质）原有的某些特性，尤指其生物特性
To announce officially and publicly; declare.
宣告正式且公开地宣布；声明
To apply a flux to.
使用助熔剂
To approach an end.
结束到达终点
To arrange aesthetically or artistically.
妥当安排优美地或艺术地安排
To arrest(a criminal, for example).
逮捕（比如逮捕罪犯）
To assemble in or hold a caucus.
召集干部会议，召开干部会议
To assign(a player) to a minor-league team.
分派将（一名队员）分派到小联合会俱乐部队
To assume responsibility for the debt, default, or miscarriage of.
担保承担债务，违约或计划失败的责任
To attain with effort or despite difficulty.
实现经努力或克服困难而达到，得到
To avoid psychological insight into(an emotional problem) by performing an intellectual analysis.
理智化通过进行理性的分析来避免对（情感问题的）心理上的洞悉
To bargain or haggle.
讨价还价；论价
To be alive; live.
活着；生存
To be careful!
一定要小心！
To be employed; have a job.
被雇用；有工作
To be great is to be misunderstand.
大人物难免遭误解。
To be in or come into equilibrium.
平衡在或进入平衡状态
To be obliged; must. Used in statutes, deeds, and other legal documents.
必须有义务；必须。用于契约、证书或其他法令条款中
To be or become lustrous.
有光泽，发光有或变得有光泽的
To be plain with you, we do not consider your work entirely satisfactory.
老实告诉你，我认为你的工作并不完全令人满意。
To be tardy in acting; procrastinate.
拖延行为上缓慢；耽搁
To be used up.
用光，消耗完
To beat or strike with or as if with a cudgel.
打击，用棍打用棍棒或象是用棍棒打击
To become brisk; increase in strength. Used of the wind.
增强变的有劲；增长力量。用于风
To become glassy.
成为玻璃状
To become marked by or cause an unintentional transfer of ink.
胶印由于无意地转印上墨水而有了印记
To become radiant.
变得熠熠发光
To beget and conceive(offspring).
生育和孕育（后代）
To begin with, may I introduce to you Mr. of our corporation?
首先，让我给你介绍我们公司的李先生。
To bend or slant away from the vertical.
斜从垂直的位置弯曲或倾斜
To bid beyond or in excess of(a previous bid or player) in a game of cards.
叫牌叫得比…高在牌戏中叫牌超过（前一位叫者或游戏者）
To blossom; bloom.
开花；开放
To branch out into numerous subdivisions that lack a main axis, as the stem of an elm.
歧散枝条向四周散开成很多分支，没有主轴，如榆树的树干
To break, burst, or rip apart with force; rend.
劈开，爆开，用力撕开；撕开
To bring forth(a sigh, for example) with obvious effort.
发出用很明显的努力发出（如叹息）
To bring to a bad or worse condition; debase.
贬低，败坏带入一个坏的或更坏的状况；贬低
To bring up(a subject) for discussion or debate.
提出，引入提出（一个主题）供讨论或辩论
To build(a road, for example) to follow the contour of the land.
依地形建造循着地面等高线修筑（如公路等）
To buy and sell goods; trade commercially.
经商买卖货物；商业交易
To call forth(a reaction, for example).
引出（例如，一种反应）
To capture or hold by or as if by a noose.
诱捕用或似乎用绳圈来捕或抓
To cast in an unsuitable role.
使担任不适合的角色
To cause annoyance or displeasure.
使人不快，使不愉快
To cause surprise or mild disapproval.
使不满，使不快引起惊奇或轻微的不满
To cause to become financially bankrupt.
使破产使造成经济上的破产
To cause to expand by or as if by inflating.
使…膨胀因或似因充气而引起膨胀
To cause to grow or yield a crop.
使谷物生长，使谷物收成
To cause to move toward a goal; aim.
瞄准引导而向目标移动；瞄准
To cause to trail along a surface, especially the ground.
拖地而行沿平面，特别是地面拖动
To cause(a record or phonograph, for example) to emit recorded sounds.
放音使（例如磁带或唱片）放出事先录制的声音
To cause(the bowels) to evacuate.
通大便使（肠）排泄
To change in form or character; alter.
变更在形式或特征上改变，修改
To change(a solid) to a liquid state by the application of heat or pressure or both.
熔化用热力或压力，或者两者的共同作用使固态变为液态
To chatter; babble.
喋喋不休；唠叨
To chirp or whistle, as a bird does.
唧唧喳喳地叫象鸟类似地尖叫
To clean(a wooden ship's hull) by applying heat to soften the pitch and then scraping.
清除通过加热软化沥青后刮擦来清除（木船船底）
To close one's account with
清结帐目，与某某停止交易
To coerce or inhibit by or as if by threats.
威胁通过威胁或近乎威胁强制或禁止
To combine the items of two or more sets that are each in the same given order into one set in that order.
将两个或多个具有同样给定次序的集合中的诸项按同样顺序合并成一个集合。
To come open or fly apart suddenly or violently, especially from internal pressure.
爆裂，炸破突然或剧烈的开裂或炸开，尤指由内部压力而引起的
To commit an injustice or offense against; wrong.
中伤，诽谤不公正地对待或对…犯下罪行；错误对待
To complete the military ceremony, 100 planes will fly over.
作为军事庆典的结束，100架飞机将编队飞过。
To conclude from evidence or premises.
推断由证据或根据得出结论
To confine(a student) to the grounds of a college as punishment.
禁足学校的处分把（一个学生）禁闭于一大学校园作为惩罚
To connect(an appliance) to an electrical outlet.
插入电源将（电器）联在一个电源插座上
To construct with such parallel horizontal beams.
为…架搁栅，为…装托梁用平行水平横梁来构筑
To contrive and present as genuine; counterfeit.
伪造作为真的设计和介绍；伪造
To convert to Communist principles or control.
使共产化转变到共产主义原则或控制
To convey to heaven without death.
肉体不死而升上天堂
To cool(hot metal) by thrusting into water or other liquid.
将…淬火将（烧热的金属）伸入水或其它液体中使冷却
To couple(two or more spacecraft, for example) in space.
使空间对接使（两艘太空船）空间对接
To cover or treat with grit.
用砂覆盖，用磨料磨光
To cover(a fire), as with ashes or fresh fuel, to ensure continued low burning.
封火，压火用灰或新的燃料闷、封、压炉火等以维持小火继续燃烧
To create or leave blank spaces in(printed or illustrated matter). Often used with out.
留出空白处在印刷或插图物中造出或留出空白处常常与out连用
To crowd together excessively.
过度地拥挤在一起
To cut and spread open and flat, as shrimp.
切开，摊开并铺平，如虾
To cut or divide into two parts, especially two equal parts.
将…一分为二把…切割或分为两部分，尤指两个相等的部分
To damage the reputation, character, or good name of by slander or libel.
用诽谤的手段损害…的名誉、人格或好名声
To deal with or think of beforehand; anticipate.
先人一着，预料抢在…的前面行动或考虑；比…先采取行动
To declare and wage(a war).
发动（战争）发起和进行（战争）
To decorate or weave with rich patterns.
用丰富的图案装饰，织出丰富的图案
To defeat handily or decisively.
重击毫不费力地或决定性地击败
To delay until a future time; put off.
延迟拖延到以后的时间；延期
To denounce or condemn.
谴责指责或痛斥
To deprive of peace or rest; trouble.
使不平静，使不安；使烦恼
To describe in writing.
记下用写描绘
To detach from what secures; unfasten.
解下：卸下从紧闭之处解开；解开
To determine the total of; add up.
合计，加起来算出来总数；叠加起来
To die, especially suddenly or violently.
死亡死亡，常指突发性地死亡或暴死
To direct or put(a weapon) into position for use; level.
瞄准将（武器）准备好以射击；瞄准
To discharge or emit(a liquid or gas, for example) gradually.
使流出使（液体或物体）逐渐地放出或流出
To disengage(a clutch, for example).
使（例如，离合器）分离
To dispose of or pass off by deception.
用欺骗的手段转让或卖掉
To disturb the surface of(water or a stream); agitate.
搅乱（水或河流的）表面；搅动
To divide into three equal parts.
把…三等分，把…分成三份
To do him justice, he is not without some merits.
发挥他自己的能力，他不是毫无优点。
To do what a letter ask to be done.
做信中要求做的事。
To draw milk from a female mammal.
挤奶从雌性哺乳动物身上挤奶
To draw(air or smoke, for example) into the lungs by breathing; inspire.
吸入通过呼吸吸进（如空气或烟）肺内；吸气
To drink up in one draft.
干杯一口气喝干净
To dry up or shrivel from or as if from loss of moisture.
干枯，枯萎因或似乎因失去水分而变干燥或枯萎
To eater into the mood of this epic poem requires both sensitivity and imagination.
必须具有敏感和想象力才能体会这部史诗的意境。
To embody; personify.
具体表现；使人格化
To empty out(a container or vehicle), as by overturning or tilting.
倒空翻转或倾斜而倒空（容器或车辆）
To enclose in or as if in a sphere.
使成球形围入或仿佛是围入球内
To engage in a formal discussion or argument.
正式讨论参与正式的讨论或辩论
To engage in or spread gossip.
传播或散布流言蜚语
To enroll compulsorily into service; draft.
征兵被强迫征募服役；征兵
To entice; tempt.
怂恿；诱使
To establish a single grammatical or semantic interpretation for.
消除…的歧义建立唯一的语法或语义解释
To estimate the value of(property) for taxation.
估价为征税估定（财产）的价值
To examine or explore by touching(an organ or area of the body), usually as a diagnostic aid.
触诊通过触摸（器官或身体某一部位）检查或探查，通常为诊断方法
To exclude from a group.
排斥将…排斥于群体之外
To exert strong pressure in order to force(something) open.
冲破，胀破为了迫使（某物）打开而施加强大的压力
To expend all one's strength and resources toward achievement of an end or purpose.
大胆尝试全力以赴且竭尽全力以达到某一目标或目的
To expose to or reveal by radiation.
暴露于射线用辐射手段暴露或发现某物
To express oneself in pantomime.
用手势表达以哑剧形式表达自己
To extract(juice, for example) by squeezing or compressing.
榨取用挤压或压榨的方法提取（如果汁）
To fail to do what is required.
未履行任务或责任
To fall in love with.
爱上（某人）
To fasten with a gib.
用扁柱（或夹条）固定
To feel or express sorrow or pity for; sympathize with.
同情感到或表示悲伤或怜悯；同情
To fill beyond capacity, especially with food; satiate.
使吃得过饱使装到超过容纳量的程度，尤指吃食物；使餍足，使吃腻
To fill, cover, or coat with loam.
充满，覆盖或包有粘砂土
To fish for by trailing a baited line from behind a slowly moving boat.
用曳绳钓（鱼）在一条缓慢移动的船后面拖曳一根放了诱饵的线来钓（鱼）
To flatten, stretch, or mold(metal) by hammering or die stamping.
轧制通过捶打或印模而使金属展平、延伸或成形
To fly like a kite; soar or glide.
如风筝般飘动像风筝那样飘动；翱翔或滑翔
To forbid, hinder, or prevent.
禁止，阻止或阻拦
To foretell or predict(the future).
预测，预言预测或预知（未来）
To form a small depression in(a surface).
在（某物体表面）留下轻微的凹痕
To form or be formed into small, tight curls or tufts.
使（毛发）卷曲卷成或被卷成小而紧的发卷
To form the crown, top, or chief ornament of.
加顶，覆盖形成…的王冠、顶部或主要饰物
To free from bondage, oppression, or restraint; liberate.
解放从奴役、压迫或束缚中解放出来；使…自由
To frustrate the hopes or plans of.
阻挠…的希望或计划
To furnish with a computer or computer system.
配备电脑用计算机或计算机系统装备
To gain an amount equal to that invested, as in a commercial venture.
收支相抵获得与投资相等的利润，如在商业冒险中
To gather and light the materials for(a fire).
生火收集材料并点燃（生火）
To get at the fruit, you pare off the rather thick peel with a sharp knife.
为了吃到果肉，你得用一把很锋利的刀削掉表面那层比较厚的皮。
To gird; encompass.
用带子束；环绕
To give a name to facetiously or playfully; nickname.
起绰号取一个诙谐或好玩的名字；给…起绰号
To give all of the inflected forms of a word; to provide a paradigm.
词形变化形式给出一个单词所有的屈折变化形式；提供词形变化表
To give credit to a disagreeable or malevolent person.
公平对待坏人对难相处的或充满邪恶暴力的人给予信任
To give myself time to think, I tamped down the tobacco in my pipe and then lit it slowly.
为了有时间思考，我把烟丝轻按几下，塞紧在烟斗里，然后慢慢地点着了烟。
To give orders.
给出命令
To give up one's career just as one becomes highly successful.
激流勇退在获得最大的成功后就放弃自己的事业
To go about on foot.
步行到处走走
To go into a state of ecstasy.
狂喜进入狂喜的状态
To go toward the bottom of a body of water; submerge.
潜水潜入一片水域的底部；潜入水中
To grant as true or valid, as for the sake of argument; concede.
承认有效因为争论而承认是正确的或有事实根据的；坦白
To grow bored or impatient.
厌烦产生厌烦或不耐烦之感
To guarantee the purchase of(a full issue of stocks or bonds).
认购保证购买（全部发行的股票或公债）
To hanker; yearn.
渴望；想念
To have a need or desire for food.
饥饿有食欲或有进食的要求
To have as one's territory or sphere of work.
范围，领域在某人的工作范围或工作领域内
To have room for; accommodate.
为…留出空间；容纳
To heat(an oven, for example) beforehand.
预热预先加热（如，火炉）
To his delight and relief the dentist's touch was, if not quite as light as thistledown, at least sensitive, and certainly far from the brutal assault he had feared.
使他欣慰和宽心的是，牙科医生的动作尽管不太轻，但甚少是小心的，远非他担心的那样重手重脚的。
To hit with or as if with a heavy club.
棒击用重棒击打或好象用重棒击打
To hold a meeting or a discussion
召开会议或者举行讨论
To hope for a successful or advantageous outcome.
希望成功希望得到成功或有利的结果
To illustrate my point I have do a comparative analysis.
为说明我的观点，我做了对比分析。
To impel as if with a spur; urge on.
鞭策似用刺激物驱赶；怂恿
To include(expenditures) in business accounts as assets instead of expenses.
把开支借入资产帐户将营业中的（花销）在帐上记作资产而非花费
To increase the weight or body of(fabrics) by treating with chemicals.
作加重处理用化学制品来增加（织物）的重量或质地
To inflict great pain on; torment.
使遭受巨大痛苦，折磨
To initiate, as into a college fraternity, by exacting humiliating performances from or playing rough practical jokes upon.
戏弄通过苛刻的侮辱性的表演或被恶作剧捉弄而加入，如一大学的大学生联谊会等
To inspire admiration or wonder.
赞叹激起佩服或好奇
To interfere or meddle in other people's affairs.
管闲事，插手，干涉介入或干预别人的事
To introduce, especially with formal ceremony.
引见，介绍，尤指在正式场合
To involve in or hamper with financial difficulties.
使财政困难，使负债使卷入经济问题或以经济问题阻碍
To jam(a wheel) by a short turn.
由于急转弯使（轮子）不能转动
To join or form a pool.
合伙经营参与或组成联营
To keep a constant distance apart. Used of a pair of wheels.
保持分开稳定的距离。用来指一对轮子的
To keep watch.
监视，守望
To know(a person or thing).
知道、了解（一个人或物）
To lead or guide in the wrong direction; lead astray.
误导带领或引导进入错误方向；把…引入岐途
To lease for less than the proper value.
廉价出租以合适的价值以下的廉价出租
To leave quickly and secretly and hide oneself, often to avoid arrest or prosecution.
潜逃，逃亡秘密而迅速地离开且隐藏自己，常为躲避逮捕或迫害
To levy a tithe on.
向…征什一税
To linger at the love gate is sweet, and it can never be brought to an end.
漫步在爱的大门是甜蜜的，它永远不会有尽头。
To live with me
留在我的记忆之中
To look in(a public area) for a sexual partner.
寻觅性伴侣在（公共场所）寻觅性伴侣
To lose one's temper.
发脾气，失去耐性
To lurch or swerve while in motion.
蹒跚而行在运动过程中突然侧倾或偏斜
To make a chip shot in golf.
在高尔夫球中切削击球
To make a denizen of; grant rights of residence to.
使定居使…成为居民；赋予居住权
To make a hole in something.
凿洞在某物中打孔
To make a powerful impression on; overwhelm.
打倒给…造成一个强烈的印象；压倒
To make a silly mistake; blunder.
犯错误犯愚蠢的错误；犯大错
To make a widow or widower of.
使…成寡妇，使成…鳏夫
To make an incomplete or misleading motion.
做假动作做不完全或误导的动作
To make classic or classical.
使具有古典风格或使成为古典
To make discontented.
使不满，使不高兴
To make formal.
使正式化
To make indistinct and hazy in outline or appearance; obscure.
朦胧，模糊使外观或面目模糊不清；晦涩的
To make jokes or quips.
开玩笑，说俏皮话
To make matters/things worse, it started to snow when evening came.
更糟糕的是，夜幕降临时，天开始下起雪来了。
To make oneself clean, neat, or presentable.
整理仪容使自己清洁、整齐或体面
To make or become even.
使成为平滑、平坦或相等
To make or become wide or wider.
变宽，变得更宽；使…变宽；使…变更宽
To make or produce a likeness of.
复制制作或产生与…一样的事物
To make progress; improve.
取得进步；改善
To make slender, fine, or small.
使减细，使减小；使减弱，使变薄
To make this cake you must first mix butter and sugar to the consistency of thick cream.
＂制作这种蛋糕，先要把黄油和白糖搅成浓奶油的稠度。＂
To make weary; exhaust.
使疲倦，使精疲力竭
To make(a visit or call).
做（拜访）或打（电话）
To manage clumsily; bungle.
笨拙地做笨拙地干事；搞坏
To march in single file or in files or columns.
小路狭窄的通道以单列、多列或纵行前进
To marry a member of another group.
不同家族间通婚与另一群体的成员结婚
To melt; fuse.
熔化；熔合
To mistake the meaning of; misinterpret.
误解错误地领会了…的意思；误解
To more central premises at the above address, to which all communication shall in future are addressed.
我司已从第10S大街迁至上述地址的中央大厅营业。今后的信件请寄该址。特此敬告。
To move at a steady trot.
慢跑平稳地小步跑
To move in a weaving, wobbling, or rolling manner.
摇晃前行以一种交叉的、摇晃的或摇摆的方式前进
To move or go around completely; make a circuit of.
围绕，环绕全部环绕或移动；绕…行一周
To move roughly or suddenly.
猛烈或突然地移动
To move with the body close to the ground, as on hands and knees.
匍匐，爬行躯体贴着地面爬行，如用手和膝盖
To my mind, he is very rude.
在我看来，他很粗鲁。
To nibble; crop.
细咬；吃去尖端
To obtain a record from an input file.
从某个输入文件中获得一个记录。
To offend grossly against(standards of decency or morality); commit an outrage on.
违法，凌辱卑鄙地违反（体面或道德的标准）；对…进行粗野的侮辱
To open(a school or workplace, for example) to members of all races or ethnic groups, especially by force of law.
开放，废除隔离（尤指通过法律约束）向所有种族开放（学校、工厂等）
To or into a lower or inferior condition, as of subjection, defeat, or disgrace.
低下地处于或走向低或差的状况，如臣服、失败或屈辱
To our friendship. bottom up!
为我们的友谊干杯！
To overcome(an opponent) by artful, clever maneuvering.
智胜在机智、谋略上胜过（对手）
To pardon or remit(a sin).
赦免，宽恕赦免或饶恕（一罪行）
To pass out; faint.
昏倒；昏迷
To pave with a bituminous material.
柏油路用含沥青的物质铺路
To penetrate with a sharp edge; strike a narrow opening in.
穿透用利刃穿过；在…上开一个小口
To perform or act(a role or part) in a dramatic performance.
扮演在戏剧演出中表演或扮演（一个角色）
To permeate; saturate.
渗透；使浸透
To pilot or drive(a vehicle) carrying no passengers or freight.
使放空车驾驶没有载运乘客或货物的（交通工具）
To place in or as if in a coffin.
收殓放入或要放入棺材之中
To place or conceal in a secure place.
隐藏放置或隐藏在安全的地方
To place(an employee, for example) under bond or guarantee.
为…保险让某人（如一雇员）入保险
To plaster or join with mortar.
用胶泥涂盖或连接
To play(a tune) on a flute.
吹笛子用长笛演奏（曲子）
To poison or mix(food or drink) with a drug.
搀麻醉药（或毒药）于（食品或饮料）
To pound; throb.
剧跳；抽动
To prepare for action.
准备开始行动
To present a statement of costs or charges to.
给…开帐单提供公众花费的单据
To preserve(food).
保存（食物）
To prevent any argument, I'll toss you for who does the washing-up.
为避免争执，我和你来掷钱币定谁洗碗碟。
To proceed rapidly; hurry.
快速前进；赶紧
To produce as an average figure
算出平均数，拿出一个平均数字
To produce written material, such as articles or books.
写作产生书面材料，如文章或书
To project or extend beyond.
突出，伸出突出或延展于…之外
To propel, eject, or insert with or as if with a pump.
汲取用或像用泵推进、喷出或插入
To provide or brighten with light.
照明，照亮给予光亮或用光使发亮
To provide(type) with a kern.
使（铅字）具有突出部分
To punish for the purpose of improving or reforming.
责罚为提高或改革的目的而处罚
To push or strike with or as if with the head; butt.
抵，撞用头或象似用头似的抵或撞；抵触，冲撞
To put ashore on a deserted island or coast and intentionally abandon.
放逐将…置于一个荒凉的岛上或海岸边并有意抛弃
To put in place or position.
定位安放在一个位置或方向上
To put into simpler terms; explain or interpret.
解释用更简单的语言表达；解释或阐释
To put out of order.
使失调；使精神紊乱
To put(a claim or action) out of court without further hearing.
驳回，不受理不用进一步审理而使（决议或案件）退出法庭
To quote a lower price than that quoted by(another); undersell.
开价比（别人）低以比（他人）报价低的价格报价：廉价出售
To raise to a higher level, especially to promote to a higher position.
提升把…提升到一个更高的水平，尤其是把…提升到一个更高的职务
To reach an agreement; come to terms.
同意达成一致；达成协议
To receive honors upon return from a victory in ancient Rome. Used of a general.
接受胜利荣誉接受胜利的荣誉，尤指在古代罗马凯旋归来。用于作战的将军
To recover, as from depression or disappointment.
重新操作从诸如衰败或失望中恢复过来
To reduce the pride of; humble.
压制压制…的傲气；贬抑
To refer(proposed legislation, for example) to a committee again.
重新提出将（例如，方案）再一次地发给委员会讨论
To regard with horror or loathing; abominate.
憎恶，厌恶恐惧或憎恨；痛恨
To release from an entanglement or difficulty; disengage.
解救，解脱使免除纠缠或困难；解脱
To relieve or release(pressure); let off.
减轻，释放（压力）；放走
To remove a pack from(a pack animal).
卸下将一袋东西从（一只驮畜）身上取下
To remove from active military status.
解散部队从积极的军事状况中遣散
To remove radicals without changing the value of(an expression) or roots of(an equation).
给…消根去掉表达式或方程中的根号，但不改变表达式的值或方程的根
To remove the harness or similar equipment from.
解下…套具从…拆除马具或类似设备
To remove(living tissue) from the natural site of growth and place in a medium for culture.
外植把（活组织）从原生长处移植入一种基质中培养
To render unfit to eat or drink without destroying usefulness in other applications, especially to add methanol to(ethyl alcohol).
使变性使食物和饮料变质而不破坏这些物质用于其它目的的用途，尤指（在乙醇中）加甲烷
To replace fact with fantasy unconsciously in memory.
虚构用记忆中非意识的幻想来取代事实
To repress; stifle.
压抑压抑；阻止
To respect the local custom of the buying country is one important aspect of China's foreign policy.
尊重买方国家的风俗习惯是我国贸易政策的一个重要方面。
To retract(something said).
收回（说过的某些话）
To revert to an earlier type or stage in one's past.
恢复恢复到某人过去的类型或阶段
To ride in a gig.
乘轻便马车或快艇
To rob of goods by force, especially in time of war; pillage.
（尤指战时）抢劫用武力抢劫财物，尤其是战争期间；劫掠
To rub, crush, grind, or pound into fine particles or a powder; pulverize.
研磨捣碎搓擦、磨细、捣烂，使…研磨成细粉末，使成粉末状
To safeguard our country we must continuously strengthen our defense.
要保卫我们的国家，我们必须继续加强我们的防御力量。
To say or express by gestures.
打手势用手势说或表达
To score par on(a hole or course) in golf.
标准杆数得分高尔夫球中按规定次数击（一个洞或一场）
To secure and maintain a tight hold on; seize firmly.
握紧，抓牢对…保持紧握，抓牢
To seek or seize as prey or plunder.
攫取猎取或抓住，作为战利品或食物
To seize(a fugitive or wrongdoer); arrest.
逮捕拘捕（逃犯或罪犯）；逮捕
To sell; peddle.
兜售；叫卖
To separate grain from chaff.
扬谷，簸谷谷物从谷壳中分出
To serve as a medium for(a spirit guide).
作为灵媒做（精神导师的）媒介
To set down in writing.
写下用文字的方式记下
To set up camp or live in a camp.
扎营搭起帐篷或在帐篷中生活居住
To sew or do similar work with a small, slender, sharp-pointed implement.
缝纫用小的、细长而尖锐的工具来缝或做类似的工作
To shift a motor vehicle into a higher gear.
换高速档将汽车调至较高速档
To shorten one's grip on the handle of a bat or racket.
短握在球棒或球拍把手上缩短握拍距离
To show to be inaccurate or untrue.
显现出虚假或不真实
To signal or summon, as by nodding or waving.
招呼发信号或召唤，如通过点头或挥手表示
To sleep for a brief period, often during the day; doze.
小睡，打瞌睡短暂小睡，通常在白天打盹；打瞌睡
To smooth, fit, or align accurately.
校准，加工使平滑，适合或精确地调整
To solve by means of arithmetic.
计算用算术方法解决
To speak frankly and get down to the basic facts of a matter.
直率地说坦率认真地谈话；切中要害地谈话
To speak or write at length and with many digressions.
漫谈长篇大论并经常离题地说或写
To spend the summer, as at a special place.
避暑如到特殊的地方渡过夏天
To spread the rumor or report of.
谣传传播谣言或议论
To stamp(gold and silver articles) with a mark indicating purity.
标纯度给（金、银制品上）标上指明纯度的标记
To start, as on a trip; leave.
起程动身，如一旅程；离开
To stem the rising tide against him, he is to swing around the circle in Yorkshire tonight.
为了挡住日益高涨的反对浪潮，他预定今晚在约克郡选区巡回，发表政见。
To stop doing something; quit.
停止做某事；放弃
To store or place(fuel) in a bunker.
在燃料仓中贮存或放置（燃料）
To stretch(taffy, for example) repeatedly.
不断地拉长反复地拉伸（例如，太妃糖）
To strike with or as if with a whip.
鞭打用或仿佛用鞭子击打
To study or complete a course of study at a preparatory school.
在预科学校学习学习或完成预科学校的课程
To subject to or treat with fumes.
熏用烟气处理或制作
To succeed in avoiding.
逃脱成功地避免
To summon up one's inner resources in preparation for action.
养精蓄锐准备行动集中一个人全部内在力量准备行动
To supply with or transmit through a microphone.
通过话筒传送通过话筒提供或传送
To support or strengthen from beneath.
从底层支持，加固从下方给予支持或加固
To surround or encircle with or as if with a belt or girdle.
用（好象用）带子或腰带围绕或环绕
To swell or expand; enlarge.
膨胀肿大或扩展；扩大
To take arbitrarily or by force.
任意地或以武力获取
To take into the body by the mouth for digestion or absorption.
吃用嘴将物体摄入体内以消化或吸收
To take part in or as if in a drag race.
参加参加或好象在进行拉力赛
To take(a wave) over the stern.
（海浪）从船尾冲打
To talk stupidly or childishly.
讲幼稚或愚蠢的话
To tell the truth, I fell asleep in the middle.
老实说，我在中间睡著了。
To test(a technique or product, for example) under conditions of actual operation or use.
对…作现场试验在实际操作或使用情况下检测例如（一项技术或产品）
To the rear, march!
向后转走！
To think that such men are elected to the House of Commons!
这样的人竞选进了（英国）下议院！
To throw into disorder.
弄乱，使凌乱
To tire with physical or mental exertion; weary.
使疲劳因身体或精神费力而疲劳；劳乏
To trail(a baited line) in fishing.
拖钓钓鱼时拖曳（一条有饵钓绳）
To transfer ownership of or title to.
将财产权或头衔转让给…
To translate a computer program expressed in a problem-oriented language into a computer-oriented language.
把一个用面向问题的语言所表示的计算机程序翻译成面向计算机的语言所表示的程序。
To travel about or journey over.
巡航在…地区或上空巡航
To treat comrades like enemies is to go over to the stand of the enemy.
如果把同志当作敌人来对待，就是使自己站在敌人的立场上去了。
To treat without proper respect or attentiveness.
漠视，不尊重不适当的尊重或漫不经心地对待
To try something on
试穿，试戴。
To turn or cause to turn(a vessel) to leeward.
使（船首）转向下风转向或使（船）转向下风
To twist(the hair, for example) into ringlets or coils.
卷成小圈把（头发等）卷曲成小环或小圈
To understand poetry, one have to read between the line.
一个人要读通诗词，则要能领会言外之意。
To unseat or throw off, as from a horse.
使下（马）；使掉下（马）
To use a safety belt, especially in an automobile.
系安全带系上安全带，尤指在汽车内
To use power or authority, especially in an excessive or heavy-handed way.
滥用权势，耀武扬威尤指以一种过分或严厉的方式使用权力或地位
To utter in a loud, powerful voice.
发出大而有力的声音
To utter the sound made by cattle; moo.
哞哞叫牛发出声音，哞哞叫
To view with contempt; despise.
藐视以轻视的眼光看待；藐视
To walk from place to place; move about.
走动；移动从一处走到另一处；四处移动
To ward off the feeling, I drank the whisky quickly.
为了消除这种感觉，我赶紧喝了点威士忌。
To weaken or collapse from exertion.
筋疲力尽因费力而变弱或垮掉
To whiten(a growing plant or plant part) by covering to cut off direct light.
变白用遮盖物挡住光线直射以使（生长中的植物或植物的一部分）变白
To wipe out, rub off, or erase(writing or other markings).
擦掉，磨掉或刷掉（字迹或其他标记）
To withhold work from(employees) during a labor dispute.
停工在劳工纠纷期间不让（雇佣工人）工作
To work toward the passage of(legislation) by logrolling.
互投赞成票互相投票以促成（立法）通过
To wrap(something intended as a gift) in a decorative manner.
礼品包装用吸引人或花哨的包装材料包装（当作礼物的商品）
To write or print the final draft of(an official document).
正式誊清正式誊写（官方文件）终稿
To yield(oneself) completely, as to emotion.
完全屈从完全屈从，如情感
Tobacco used to form the body of a cigar.
作烟心的烟草用来构成卷烟体的烟草
Today is May21st.
今天是五月二十一号。
Today it is his turn to collect the children from school in the community.
今天该轮到他把孩子们从社区学校接回去。
Today we'll have a Dutch treat at the restaurant.
今天在餐馆吃饭我们将各自付费。
Today's my sense is not good.
今天我感觉更不好。
Together, let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
让我们一起探索星球，征服沙漠，根除疾患，开发深海，并鼓励艺术和商业的发展。
Tom Smith is a newcomer, but he has already muscled in the political circles that control the town.
汤姆·史密斯是一个新来者，但已强行挤进统治这个城市的政界圈子里。
Tom blew his father a kiss tonight.
汤姆今晚给他父亲送了个飞吻。
Tom do not mind be visited even if he is study.
汤姆甚至不介意在他读书的时候有人来访。
Tom give me a new knife as compensation for the one he lose.
汤姆给了我一把新刀，算是赔偿那把被他丢失的刀。
Tom has become bored with high living and he is going to work in a factory.
汤姆对奢侈舒适的生活感到厌倦，打算到一家工厂去工作。
Tom has the job of washing the car.
汤姆有一个洗车子的工作。
Tom is above average in his lessons.
汤姆的成绩高于平均水平。
Tom is never sick; he is as sound as a roach.
汤姆从不生病，身体壮如牛。
Tom isn't a very pleasant guy. He's always coming the heavy hand with me.
汤姆是个令人很不愉快的家伙。他总是强迫我相信他那一套。
Tom never thinks things through carefully. He's always rushing to conclusions.
汤姆从来不认真考虑各种事情，他永远是贸然下结论。
Tom receive three letters from his mother.
汤姆收到他妈妈的三封信。
Tom spends all his money for candy. A fool and his money are soon parted.
汤姆把钱都拿去买了糖果；蠢人有钱留不住。
Tom upset the other team's applecart by hitting a home run in the last inning and we won the game.
汤姆在最后一局中击出一个本垒打而破坏了对方的胜利之果，结果我们队反而赢了。
Tom was cleared out of the inn, bag and baggage.
汤姆连同他随身带的行李一起被赶出了旅社。
Tom was pushed out for his unfavorable suggestion to the boss.
汤姆因提出不利于老板的建议而被解雇。
Tom will really light up when he sees his new bike.
汤姆看到他的新自行车时一定会高兴起来。
Tom's heavy footsteps upstairs make the old house vibrate.
楼上汤姆的沉重脚步振动了整幢旧楼房。
Tom, put the picture on the wall. Be careful not to put it up end for end.
汤姆，把这张画贴在墙上，小心别贴倒了。
Tomorrow I'll pay a call on him.
明天我将要去拜访他。
Tonight there is a stir among the palm leaves, a swell in the sea, Full Moon, like the heart throb of the world.
今天晚上棕榈叶在嚓嚓地作响，海上有大浪，满月呵，就象世界在心脉悸跳。
Tony slapped his hat on and ran out of the house.
托尼把帽子往头上一扣就跑出门外。
Too many students were pressed into the classroom, and we could hardly breathe.
教室里挤的学生太多了，我们都快喘不过气了。
Too much work is no excuse for not studying.
工作太忙不能成为不学习的理由。
Took a dim view of their prospects.
对他们的前景持悲观观点
Took mess with the enlistees.
与新兵们一起用膳
Tore the paper carefully along the fold.
沿折痕小心地裁开这张纸
Tossing out an instruction as he left, he hurried from the office, already late for his meeting.
他临走时随口下了个指令，便匆匆忙忙离开办公室去开会，可已经晚了。
Tough break, James. I know that must be hard for you. I'm sorry.
詹姆斯，你真不走运，我为你感到难过。
Tourists who visit only the attractive or wealthy parts of a city tend to see the city through rose-coloured spectacles.
观光者们仅仅参观了该城市有吸引人或富裕的地方。他们只是戴着有色眼镜看这个城市。
Tower is measured by their shadow, and great men by their calumniator.
高塔是按塔影测量的；伟人是以他们的诽谤者衡量的。
Tractors have revolutionized farming.
拖拉机革新了耕作方法。
Trade should not serve as a means of economic plunder.
贸易不应当成为经济掠夺的手段。
Traffic has dropped off since the by-pass opened.
自从辅助道路通车後，这条路上来往车辆已经减少了。
Tragedy is a type of literature that involves death, suffering or disaster.
悲剧作品是文学的一种，内容常涉及死亡，不幸和灾难。
Trample with your feet, and trample it in!
用脚踩，把它踩入地里。
Transformation of one element into another by one or a series of nuclear reactions.
嬗变通过一次或一系列核反应把一种元素转化为另一种元素
Travelers must beware of fast traffic.
行人对快速行驶的车辆必须十分小心。
Tread the earth down around the roots
把根部周围的泥土踩实
Trees flowing thin sap.
流出少量汁液的树
Trice a sail.
扯起一张帆
Trifler, wilt thou sing till June?
无聊之徒，难道你想唱至六月份？
Troops were hurried to the war zone.
军队被急忙调往交战地区。
Trousers made of corduroy.
灯芯绒裤灯芯绒做的裤子
True praise takes root and spread.
[谚]真正的表扬必将生根发芽。
Trust me, the game is really worth playing.
相信我，这游戏确实值得一玩。
Truth is stranger than fiction; fictions is obliged to stick to possibilities, truth isn't.
事实之所以奇于小说，是因为小说不得不坚持其可能性，而事实则不然。
Try again.
再试试。
Try if you dare do so.
你敢做就做吧。
Try some draught Guinness, it'll put hairs on your chest.
尝尝桶装的黑啤酒，它会使你有男子汉的气魄的。
Try to conjure up a picture of life in ancient Greece.
想像一下古希腊生活的样子吧。
Try to learn by heart these english word and phrases.
努力把这些英语单字和片语记住。
Try to sell them our most profitable product and he's hope you can bring off a deal.
争取把我们最有利可图的产品出售给他们，我们希望你能大获成功。
Try3678-9012. She shall be there.
试试3678—9012。她应该在那里。
Tumultuous crowds, upheavals, passions
混乱的人群、狂暴的动乱、缭乱的心绪
Turn down the second street on the right.
在右手第二个街口拐弯。
Turn on the radio.
打开收音机
Turn the cock on.
把龙头打开。
Turn up your radio please.
请你把收音机开响一点儿。
Twanged the car antenna.
使汽车天线发出“嘣”的一声
Twenty years had not dimmed his memory.
二十年的岁月并没有使他的记忆变模糊。
Twist one's wrist.
扭伤了手腕
Two best men in our team are shooting off for the prize.
我们队最好的两名队员在参加射击决赛角逐。
Two competitors have scratched from the10, 000 meters with torn leg muscles.
两名运动员因腿啊肌肉受伤退出了万米比赛。
Two fire engines arrived shortly after the fire blazed up.
起火后不久两辆救火车就赶到了。
Two houses burnt down last week.
上星期有两栋房子烧毁了。
Two men blocking the path put the wind up her.
两个人堵住路使她担惊受怕。
Two nurses evacuated the sick and wounded flora a combat area.
两名护士把伤病员从战斗地域撤走。
Two opposing forces that canceled out.
两股相互抵消的相反力量
Two planes used by a United States Government relief agency came under missile attack over Mauritania today, and one plane was shot down, the State Department said. It was unclear who had fired the missiles.
两架美国政府救济机构使用的飞机在毛里塔尼亚上空今天受到飞弹袭击。国务院说一架被击落。飞弹为何人发射尚不清楚。
Two sheep have been lost.
两只绵羊丢失了。
Two week from today
两周后的今天
Two years have passed since he left for France.
自从他前往法国，已过了两年。
Ugly as sin themselves, the two stepsisters hated Cinderella for her beauty.
那两个异母姐妹自己丑陋不堪，十分嫉恨灰姑娘的漂亮。
Umpteen reasons; umpteen guests.
无数条理由；大量客人
Unable to read and write.
文盲的不会读书写字的
Unblock a road; unblock a coronary artery.
清除路障；疏通冠状动脉
Uncle Fred was a loyal member of his party. He always voted the straight ticket.
福瑞德教父是他所属党的忠实党员，他的票永远投给同党　的候选人。
Uncle george get a black eye for ogle a lady in the pub.
乔治叔叔在酒店里对一女士抛媚眼而被打黑了一只眼睛。
Under bitter hardship, they have struggled on tirelessly and uncomplainingly.
他们不知疲倦毫无怨言地在极端艰苦的条件下努力工作。
Under no illusions about her mother and younger sisters, Elizabeth begins to see Darcy's inherently honest character.
伊丽莎白对母亲和妹妹们不抱任何幻想，她开始看清达西固有的诚实品性。
Under the heel of Stalinism; the heel of an autocrat.
斯大林主义暴政之下；独裁者的专制统治
Under their influence, the horizons sprung wide and fear went away and the unknown became knowable.
在他们的影响下，我的眼界豁然开朗，忧虑消失了，未知变成了可知。
Underwriters Laboratory
保险商实验室
Unemployment insurance and income tax are taken out of your pay before you get it.
你领到的工资中已经扣除了失业保险和所得税。
Unfortunately I am not aware of that.
遗憾的是，我不知道此事。
Unhappily, we never saw her again.
很不幸，我们再也没有见到她。
Unions regard the government's intention to ban overtime as the thin end of the wedge.
工会认为政府禁止加班的用意是老鼠拉木　，大头在後边。
Unjust or poor treatment; ill-usage.
虐待不公平或差别待遇；折磨
Unless we can find a way of making the baby keep its food down, it is simply going to starve to death.
如果我们想不出办法使婴儿吃东西不吐的话，这婴儿就真的会俄死了。
Unlike what thy forests teach,
不同于你们的森林之语，
Unpleasantly coarse and rough to the touch.
粗糙的摸上去令人不愉快的粗糙和表面不平的
Unsound mind, like unsound body, if you feed, you poison.
不健全的思想犹如不健康的身体，吃下去要中毒。
Until tomorrow, then.
那么明天见吧。
Unwilling to forgo dessert.
不愿意放弃甜点心
Up to date we have no news of him.
迄今我们还不知道他的消息。
Upon examination we find whole of the contents stained.
在对货物全面进行检查之后，我们发现全部货物都有污点。
Upstairs he have a studio where he painted a little.
他在楼上有一个画室，有时在那里作一点画。
Use Terminal to communicate with another computer via a modem.
用终端通过调制解调器与其他计算机通信。
Use of instruments for the recording or transmission of physiological information, such as breathing rate or heart rate.
生物检测仪器运用仪器记录或传递生理学信息，如呼吸速率或心脏速率
Use this command to open an existing document in a new window
使用此命令在一个新建窗口打开一个现存的文件
Used as a command to assume an erect military posture.
（口令）立正用作要求军人立正姿势的口令
Used as a disparaging term for a heterosexual person.
下崽的用作对异性恋者的蔑视称呼
Used as a greeting or farewell, and as a request for silence.
静一下，不要吵用作欢迎或道别语及请求安静等
Used as a title of respect for men in Turkey, equivalent to sir.
老爷土耳其国家对男子的一种尊称，相当于先生
Used especially in response to sudden pain.
啊唷尤用来表示对突然疼痛的反应
Used in or obtained by extraction.
提取的用于提取的，或通过提取得到的
Used to clear a passage through a crowded area.
请让路，借道用于从拥挤地带中清出一条路
Used to express disbelief or annoyance.
用于表示不相信或愤怒
Used to express mild surprise.
天哪，哎呀用来表达轻度的惊讶
Used to introduce a remark, resume a narrative, or fill a pause during conversation.
喔，噢，唔，这个用来引进一句话，继续讲述或填补对话间的间歇
Used with Your, Her, or Their as a title and form of address for a woman or women holding the rank of lady.
小姐常与Your，Her，或Their连用，表示称呼妇女或有爵位的妇女的头衔
Using or able to use two languages, especially with equal or nearly equal fluency.
能熟练地使用两种语言的使用或能使用两种语言的，尤指同样或几乎同样流利地
Usual price
普通价格
Usually, on the first journey, the pilot on board a hovercraft, has to endure the discomfort caused by the spray which comes on board.
通常在初次航行时，气垫船的驾驶员必须承受向气垫船冲来的气流所引起的不适之感。
Vagabonds meandering through life.
流浪者一生飘泊无定
Van used by the police to take prisoner from one place to another.
警察用来将囚犯从一个地方运到另一个地方的有篷载重汽车。
Various herbs are blended in to make a good medicine for colds.
把几种药草混合起来使之成为一种治疗感冒的良药。
Vaudeville or musical entertainment presented between the acts of a burlesque or minstrel show.
音乐节目，综艺节目，杂耍在滑稽剧或滑稽说唱团演出的幕间表演的杂耍和音乐娱乐节目
Venus, a beautiful good-natured lady, was the goddess of love; Juno, a terrible shrew, the goddess of marriage; and they are always mortal enemies.
维纳斯，一个美丽而温柔的女性，是为爱的女神；朱诺，一个可怕的悍妇，是为婚姻的女神；她们始终是势不两立的死对头。
Very distant; remote.
遥远的非常远的；遥远的
Very intelligent or talented
悟性高的；聪颖的；天才的
Very severe or unpleasant
极厉害的；极讨厌的；要命的
Very well, doctor, I'll try to take more exercise.
好吧，大夫，那我就尽量多锻炼锻炼吧。
Viciousness of conduct or action.
行为堕落行为或行动的邪恶
Vigorous and hearty
血气方刚的；精神饱满的
Violent abnormal behavior.
疯狂暴烈而异常的行为举止
Virtue flies from the heart of a mercenary man.
唯利是图者，胸中无美德。
Visitor to the castle is asked not to take photographs.
要求到城堡参观的人不得拍照。
Volleyball is growing in popularity in China.
在中国爱打排球的人越来越多了。
Voted the straight Republican ticket.
投了正直的共和党人一票
Wage increases have cushioned us from the effects of higher prices.
工资提高後减轻了物价上涨对我们的影响。
Wait for a break in the traffic before cross the road.
要等到暂无车辆来往时，再过马路。
Wait will you have all the proofs; don't rush to conclusions.
不要仓促下结论，要等到你掌握了所有证据。
Waitress
女服务员
Walk up and see our wonderful stamp collection.
走近些，看看我们集的邮票多好。
Wallis is always trying to make waves.
沃利斯老是制造纠纷。
Wangled a job for which she had no training.
骗取了一个她根本没有受过有关方面训练的工作
Wanton or cruel killing; carnage.
血腥屠杀无理或残暴的杀害；屠杀
War seemed probable in1938. The home team, far ahead, is the probable winner.
战争在1938年就很有可能爆发。主队得分遥遥领先，很可能成为胜利者
Warm wish for happy holiday season.
衷心祝愿节日幸福愉快。
Was a hundred dollars in pocket after a day at the races.
在赌马场上呆了一天后兜里有了一百美元
Was cold sober.
完全清醒
Was intent on leaving within the hour; are intent upon being recognized.
他一心想要在一个小时内离开；他一心想为人所认可
Was subject to coughs, asthma, and the like.
易得咳嗽、气喘等类似的病
Was/Wasn't the concert to your liking?
你喜欢这场音乐会吗？
Wasp sting is serious, as I know to my cost.
让黄蜂蜇了可不好受，我吃过这苦头。
Watch market ready to sell if arises.
盯紧市场，如价格上涨，便准备销售。
Watch the wounded eagle taking off from the ground.
看那只受伤的鹰从地上飞起来了。
Water alternates between ice and water in winter.
冬天，水在冰和水之间变化。
Water heats slowly.
水是慢慢变热的。
Water seeped into the pores of the rock.
水迅速被岩石的空隙吸收
Water-skiing is very enjoyable.
滑水橇非常快活。
Waves wash the shore.
海浪冲击着海岸。
We accept the lowest quote.
我们接受最低估价。
We adopt an active attitude towards drawing on overseas fund to make up for domestic fund shortage.
我们采取积极的态度吸引海外资金以弥补国内资金短缺。
We agree to use cartons for outer packing.
我们同意用纸箱做外包装。
We aired the room by opening the windows.
我们打开窗户给房间通通风。
We all complain about the poor service in the hotel coffee lounge.
我们都抱怨饭店咖啡休息室的劣质服务。
We all had to pledge allegiance to the flag.
我们大家都得发誓忠于这面旗帜。
We all hung back when we saw how old the car was.
当我们看到那辆车陈旧不堪时，也都犹豫起来了。
We all like having you as our teacher, although we don't always behave well in class.
虽然我们在课堂上有时不守规矩，但是我们仍然喜欢您当我们的教师。
We all pitched in, and within an hour the whole camp was set up.
我们都使劲干起来，一个小时内就把整个营地扎好了。
We all sighed with relief when the plan finally touched down safely.
飞机最后终于安全着陆了，我们大家都松了一口气。
We allocate10% of revenue to publicity.
我们拨出10％的收入做广告。
We also train them to make use of reference books.
我们还培养他们使用参考书。
We always overdo at Christmas.
我们庆祝圣诞节时总是做得很过火
We anticipate a prompt reply from you.
殷切地盼望早日来电。
We appreciate your reasons for objecting to the proposal.
我们理解你反对这项提议的理由。
We are advised that the shipment will arrive next week.
我们接到通知，装运的货物将于下周抵达。
We are all in favor of this plan.
我们都赞同这项计划。
We are always do something for posterity, but I will fain see posterity do something for us.
我们经常在为后代做些事情，但我真想看看后代又为我们做些什么。
We are at your disposal.
他们听从你的安排。
We are busy on Tuesday.
星期二我们最忙。
We are considering a machine tool joint venture of moderate scale.
我们正在考虑建立一个中等规模的生产机床的合资企业。
We are displeasure at her impatience.
我们对她的不耐烦感到不高兴。
We are extremely appreciative of your friendly advice.
我们非常感谢你们友好的劝告。
We are getting busy right away.
我们马上就动手干。
We are going for a drink.
我们正要去喝点什么。
We are going to pipe the water up from the valley.
我们将用管道把水从山谷里引上来。
We are grateful to you-beyond expression.
我们对你的感激之情无法用言词表达。
We are hoping for an improvement but thing have go from bad to worse.
我们但愿有所改善，然而事情却每况愈下。
We are in sympathy with his misfortune.
我们对他的不幸表示同情。
We are just being followed.
我们正被跟踪。
We are living at a time when machines do work which men used to do.
我们正生活在机器做着本来由人做的工作的时代。
We are married, but we are still two different individual.
我们结婚了，但终究还是两个不同的个体。
We are not in a position to entertain business at your price, since it is far below our cost price.
我方无法在这个价格上与你方交易，因为它远远低于我们成本价。
We are now in a great new era of information.
我们现在正处于一个新的伟大的信息时代。
We are out of potatoes and the flour is running short.
我们已经没有马铃薯，面粉也越来越少了。
We are pleased to extend our offer for further3 day after you receive this letter.
上次报价，有效期延至收到这封信后的第三天。
We are prepared to lend you the money with no strings attached.
我们准备出借这笔钱，不附加任何条件。
We are puzzled by the sudden disappearance of our guide.
我们对向导的突然失踪感到大惑不解。
We are really sweat as we wait for the result.
我们在等待结果时真的感到非常焦急。
We are sending you today by the American Railway Express, prepaid, the following books:
我们已于今日，将下列书箱通知美国的铁路快运您处，运费已付。
We are sorry that this item is out of stock for the time.
很抱歉，这种商品暂时无货可供。
We are strong against this resolution.
我们坚决反对这个决议案。
We are sure you will enjoy being here, and you are cordially invited to visit with us when you have the opportunity.
我们相信您会喜欢在此逗留，而且真诚地邀请您有机会前来我处光顾。
We are through the initial testing period.
我们通过了最初的考试阶段
We are unable to make you a direct offer, as the Smith co. act as general agent for our product in your country.
我们不能直接给你方发盘，因为史密斯公司是我方产品在贵国的总代理。
We are very pleased to receive your order for our goods to the value of US$20,000.
很高兴接到您订购本公司产品美金20，000元的订单。
We are willing to use foreign patent technique and equipment in the form of compensation trade.
我们愿意以补偿贸易的方式采用外国专利技术和设备。
We arranged with him to meet at the hotel at one o'clock.
我们和他约好1点钟在旅馆碰头。
We arrived safely.
我们平安到达。
We assumed that the train would be on time.
我们以为火车会准时到站。
We attacked the enemy from the rear.
我们从後方袭击敌人。
We beat their team with a vengeance.
我们把对方球队打得落花流水。
We believe in his ability.
我们相信他的才干。
We benefit by [from] daily exercises.
每天做操对我们有益。
We bought a run-down old house but in my mind's eye I could see what it would be like when it was restored.
我们买了一幢荒废的房子，但在我的想象中，我可以设想出它重建后的样子。
We broke our journey to Rome at Venice.
我们的罗马之行到威尼斯便中止了。
We call him Xiao Wang.
我们叫他小王。
We came about and went off on a new tack.
我们改变方向朝一个新的航向开去。
We came upon a little village sitting in the hills.
我们发现一个坐落在山岗里的小村子。
We can allow a2% discount on all orders of$600 in value and over, orders exceeding$2,000 are subject to3% discount.
我方给予价值600美元以上的订购2％折价，超出2000美元的订购，我方给予3％的折价。
We can come to some arrangement over the price.
价钱方面，我们可以商议解决。
We can feed an army tonight.
我们的晚餐非常丰盛。
We can go for a drink first, or have a look at the factory first. What's it to be?
我们可以先去喝一杯，或者先去工厂看一看。你喜欢哪一样？
We can input data needed to be processed or preserved by a computer via a keyboard.
我们可以通过键盘把数据、资料等需要计算机处理或保存的信息送入计算机。
We can meet at my house or yours, just as you wish.
我们可以在我家见面也可在你家，随你的便。
We can not help impressing by the majesty of the lofty mountain.
高山的雄伟壮丽不能不在我们心目中留下深刻的印象
We can only supply you with20,000 yards of pure silk.
我们只能供应两万码的真丝绸。
We can reconsider our price if your order is big enough.
如果你方订货数量大，价格还可以进一步考虑。
We can see the car running in top.
我们可以看见那部车正在全速行驶。
We can supply most models from stock and are prepared to supply you with fine quality camera if you need it.
我们可以供应现货中的许多机型，如果您需要的是高品质的相机，我们也可以供应给您。
We can use plastics in place of wood or metal.
我们可用塑料来代替木材或金属。
We can't accept that as a basis for a decision.
我们不能同意以此为基础来作出决定[议]。
We can't enter into details at present.
我们目前还不能谈到细节。
We can't judge what he did till we know all the circumstances.
我们只有了解了全部情况后，才能对他的做法作出判断。
We can't rest easy until they're safely back.
要等他们安全归来时我们才放心。
We cannot accept any more work, we have more than we can cope with as it is.
我们不能接受再多的工作了，其实目前的工作已超出我们所能处理的范围了。
We cannot find any trace of the check mention by you.
我们找不到贵方所说的那张支票。
We cannot supply funds without limit.
我们不可能无限制地提供经费。
We celebrate Mother's Day in honour of our mothers.
我们庆祝母亲节是对母亲表示感谢和敬意。
We charged and the enemy's front line fell back.
我们－冲锋，敌人的防线就后退了。
We climbed the mountain in three hours, which was good going.
我们在三小时内爬上了那座山，这种速度是很快的。
We condole with him on [up on] his loss.
我们对他的损失深表同情。
We consider it a good chance.
我们认为这是一个好机会。
We could but laugh off her suspicions.
我们只好以笑声来消除她的疑心。
We could hear the children's voices in the garden.
我们可以听到花园里孩子们的声音。
We could see how excited he was by the animation in his face.
我们从他脸上的神气就能看出他多麽兴奋。
We couldn't hear her at the back of the hall because her voice doesn't carry.
我们在大厅后面听不见她讲话，因为她的声音传得不太远。
We crammed more than a hundred books into the small bookcase.
我们把一百多本书塞进了这个小书箱里。
We decide to let sleeping dog lie and not take them to court.
我们决定不起诉他们，免得惹事生非。
We decided to kill the rats by poisoning them.
我们决定用毒药来毒杀老鼠。
We demanded an immediate answer of then.
我们要求他们马上作出答复。
We did not notice this matter until yesterday.
直到昨天我们才注意到这件事。
We didn't find it strange that no one would take the money.
我们对谁也不要这一笔钱并不感到奇怪。
We directed our attention to improving their working conditions.
我们把注意力集中于改善他们的劳动条件。
We do everything with a view to safeguarding Marxism-Leninism.
我们进行一切工作，以期保卫马克思列宁主义。
We do not know when this world come into be.
我们不知道世界是何时形成的。
We don't get to onto anatomy until next year.
我们明年才能学到解剖学。
We don't know which of them is going to be elected chairman, so we'd better hedge our bets and he nice to both of them.
我们不知道他们两个哪个会当选为主席，所以我们最好两面下注，对他们两个都好。
We don't usually accept cheques, but we'll make an exception in your case.
我们一般不接受支票，但对你，我们准备破个例。
We drive there and back on one tank of petrol.
我们开车到那里来回用了一油箱汽油。
We eat with our mouths.
我们用嘴吃饭。
We enclose herewith an inquiry sheet.
兹随函附上询价单一份。
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
我们玩的很开心。
We exchange greeting.
我们互相问候。
We expect your reply to our inquiry.
我们期等着贵方对我方询盘做出答复。
We failed miserably to agree.
我们不幸未能达成一致意见。
We felt awe when contemplating the works of Bach. The imprisoned soldiers were in awe of their captors.
当注视巴赫的作品时，我们肃然起敬。这些被关押的士兵对俘虏他们的人非常惧怕
We fill with exultation in the new victory.
我们在新的胜利中欢欣鼓舞。
We finished the work among ourselves.
我们共同完成了那工作。
We flied to get over that area many times.
我们已多次飞越过那区域。
We found a cupboard set over the fireplace.
我们发瑞壁炉上面放着一个碗柜。
We found it quite a change when we moved to London.
我们搬到伦敦，真有天壤之别。
We found the room chocked up with useless old furniture.
我们发现那个房间里塞满了没用的旧家具。
We gave the heave-ho all the furniture found in the flat we had just rented.
我们把在刚租来的房里发现的家具全部扔掉了。
We get on very well together.
我们在一起相处得很好。
We give25% as basic discount, but can add5% for cash payment.
我们给２５％的基本折扣，若现金支付，还可加５％的折扣。
We go to dig in like all get—out.
咱们得拼命往下干才行。
We got creamed.
我们彻底败北。
We got the house at a cheap price because it was almost falling down.
我们以便宜的价钱买下这座房子，因为它眼看就要倒坍了。
We greatly regret the mistake make in send you the goods.
发往您处的货物有误，对此深表遗憾。
We had a family reunion and my sister-whom I haven't seen for years-graced us with her presence.
我们搞了一次家庭团聚，我妹妹——我已有数年未见到她——光临了。
We had a long wait, but it was worthwhile because we got the tickets.
我们等了很久，但还算值得，因为弄到了票子。
We had a simple room with on frills, just a bed and a chest of drawers.
我们有一间房间没有装饰，只有一张床和一只五斗橱。
We had bad fogs this winter.
今年冬天浓雾弥漫。
We had cake for dessert.
我们有蛋糕作甜点心。
We had lived on terms of close friendship under the same roof. It was not an easy parting.
我们一直住在一起，关系亲密，因此分手时实在难以割舍。
We had roasted pheasant for dinner.
我们晚饭吃烤野鸡。
We had the whole compartment to ourselves.
这个车厢只有我们几个人。
We had to fight the other firm for the order.
为得到这份订单我们要和另一家公司竞争。
We had to sober him up before taking him home.
带他回家以前我们必须使他清醒。
We hammered out our differences over a glass of beer.
我们一边喝啤酒一边谈，消除了彼此间的分歧。
We hauled up in front of the house.
我们在房子面前停下来。
We have a guided tour of the ruins.
我们在导游的陪同下游览了那里的遗址。
We have a lot of thing to do today.
今天我们有许多要做的事。
We have a spanking good time at his country house
我们在他的乡间别墅玩得非常高兴
We have adjusted our price and give you a special discount of3 percent.
我们对价格作了调整，给你们百分之三的优惠折扣。
We have an informal agreement to ride to school together.
我们有个一起骑车上学的非正式约定。
We have be approached several times but have turn down all offer.
虽经数次洽谈，但我们拒绝了所有提议。
We have been dating for four weeks but Joe has never even make a pass at me.
我们虽已约会了4个星期，但乔对我从未有进一步的举动。
We have been wired into the main system now.
我们现在已经与输电干线接通了。
We have bundled up everything.
我们把所有的东西都包扎好了。
We have cut down the non-productive expenditure.
我们已削减了非生产性开支。
We have disposed of the rubbish.
我们已清除了垃圾。
We have enough data in hand.
我们手头有足够的资料。
We have fallen short of rice.
我们的米不够了。
We have full assurance of the results.
我们对於其结果充满着信心。
We have got inside information concerning the meeting.
我们已得到有关这次会议的秘密情报。
We have heard of men celebrating their country's battles who in war were celebrated for keeping out of them.
我们曾经听说过，有一些因战争中没有参与战斗而出了名的人士，到战后却大张旗鼓地庆祝他们国家的那场战争（胜利）。
We have just had an English lesson.
我们刚刚上了一堂英语课。
We have lost a first-rate teacher in Jim.
我们失去了吉姆这位一流的教师。
We have marked the play area off with a white line.
我们已用白线画出运动场地。
We have no clue as to where she go after she leave home.
我们对她离家後去往何处毫无线索。
We have no sooner set out than a thunder storm break
我们刚动身就突然下起了大雷雨
We have nothing further to say.
我们没别的话可说了。
We have openings for office staff.
我们还缺办公室职员。
We have pleasure in recommend our electronic product to you and enclose herewith quotation No.28 for your consideration.
荣幸地向贵方推荐我方电子产品，随函附上第28号报价单供贵方参考。
We have really plumped up these chickens.
我们确实把这些鸡养肥了。
We have reduced the unproductive spending.
我们已削减了非生产性开支。
We have seat at15 in the balcony.
我们有楼厅的15元一张的票。
We have signed on a hundred machine operators.
我们已经招收了100名机器操作工。
We have sublet part of our office to a financial consultancy.
我们将我们办事处的一部分转租给一家财务咨询公司。
We have the freedom to do as we please all afternoon.
整个下午我们都做自己喜欢做的事情
We have thousand and one things to do before we set out for our holiday.
在我们动身去度假之前，我还有许许多多的事情要做。
We have to cure ourselves of the itch for absolute knowledge and power.
我们必须排除想拥有绝对知识和绝对权利的欲望。
We have to keep a close tab on daily sales.
我们必须仔细登记每日售量。
We have to pass the custom before we leave.
我们必须通过海关检查后方能离开。
We have to spread the issue over next meeting.
这个问题得放到下次会上解决。
We have two ears and one mouth that we may listen the more and talk the less.
我们有两只耳朵和一个嘴巴，为的是要我们多听一些而少说一些。
We have200 people working for us.
我们一共有二百人。
We haven't had a square meal for a week.
一周来我们没有吃过一顿正经饭。
We hear the song sing in English.
我们听到有人用英语唱这首歌。
We heard the story form his own lips of how he had been hard at his design.
我们听他亲口谈到他是如何下功夫搞他的设计的。
We hereby revoke the agreement of January1st1982.
我们特此宣告1982年1月1日的协议无效。
We hold the merchandise in readiness to ship on receipt of your remittance.
我们为贵方保留着这些已备齐的订货，待收到贵方汇款后即可装运。
We hope soon to announce to you that we shall close the sale of the cambric.
我们希望不久将能告知贵公司麻纱已全部售完。
We hope they have completed work.
我们希望他们已经完成了工作。
We hope to hear from you favourably.
我们盼望着您的好消息。
We hope you can show us the certificate issued by the Health Office.
希望您方能提供卫生检疫所签发的证书。
We hope you'll give us an attractive price.
希望报个有吸引力的价格。
We hurried on to make up for lost time.
我们急忙赶路，以补回失去的时间。
We insist on self-reliance.
我们坚决主张自力更生。
We invite you to know us. That is the beginning of friendship between people---and friendship between people is the basis for friendship between governments.
我们欢迎你们多多了解我们，人民之间的友谊就是这样开始的，而人民之间的友谊，是政府之间的友谊的基础。
We just caught the plane
我们刚好赶上了飞机。
We keep our music in a stack near the piano.
我们把乐谱靠近钢琴堆成一堆
We knew she was always good as her promise, so we trusted her.
我们知道她一向信守诺言，所以我们信任她。
We know not all of us realize the importance of this step.
据我们所知，并非我们中间每个人都明白采取这一步骤的重要性。
We laid ourselves flat when we heard the bullets whistling overhead.
我们听到头顶上子弹呼啸而过的声音时就趴在地上。
We leave tomorrow but I haven't begun to pack yet!
我们明天动身，但我现在还没开始收拾行李呢！
We lifted the load by means of a crane.
我们用起重机吊起重物。
We listen eagerly, for he bring news of our families.
他给我们带来了家里的消息，我们都迫不及待地听著。
We live in the country and keep early hours.
我们住在乡下，晚上很早就睡觉了。
We located the shops and the post office as soon as we moved into the town.
＂我们一搬进城里，就找到了商店和邮局的所在地。＂
We looked at the conjurer in silent conjurer.
我们不作声惊讶地看着那魔法师。
We lost two hundred dollars, how much were you taken for?
我们损失了200美元，你们被骗了多少钱？
We made allowances for his rudeness.
对他的粗鲁无礼，我们没有计较。
We made out a list of books which our students might read.
我们开了一张学生可以阅读的书单子。
We make our way to the coast and thence by sea to France.
我们先到海边，再从那里乘船去法国。
We managed to record the whole of the concert from a live studio broadcast.
我们尽力把整个现场直播音乐会都录制了下来。
We may compare iron wish decide which is harder.
我们可把铁与钢相比，然后决定哪个更硬些。
We may take Rome in our way.
我们中途可以顺便访问罗马。
We might have a free press, but that doesn't mean all reporting is true and accurate.
我们即使有新闻自由，也并不意味著一切报道都真实可信、准确无误。
We moved out on Wednesday and the new tenants moved in on Thursday.
我们是星期三迁出去的，新房客星期四就搬了进去。
We must all pull together, or the factory will fail.
我们必须通力合作，否则工厂就要垮了。
We must arrange a convenient time and place for the meeting.
我们必须安排一个合适的时间和地点开会。
We must awake to the difficulties facing our team.
我们必须认识到我队面临的困难。
We must be talking at cross-purposes.
我们准是彼此说话牛头不对马嘴，产生误会了。
We must build more fields giving stable and high yields.
我们必须建设更多的稳产高产田。
We must come to definite decision.
我们必须作出明确决定。
We must constitute ourselves a vigorous, loyal and public-spirited opposition party.
我们必须将自己建成一个生机勃勃、忠心耿耿、顺应民意的反对党。
We must dig the vegetable garden.
我们必须把菜园掘一遍。
We must do our bit towards protecting the environment.
我们必须在保护环境方面尽自己的一份力量。
We must enquire further into the matter.
我们须进一步调查此事。
We must first of all destroy the enemy effectives.
我们首先必须消灭敌人的有生力量。
We must get her to be examined properly.
我们一定要找大夫好好给她检查一下。
We must go cautiously, to be sure!
我们当然得小心行事！
We must have the goods here in September for reshipment.
货物必须9月份到达此地以便再转运。
We must hurry in order to not be late.
为了不迟到，我们得赶紧走。
We must keep fully alert.
我们必须高度警惕。
We must keep up with the times.
我们必须赶上时代。
We must look the facts in the face.
我们必须正视事实。
We must make up quite a lot of leeway if we're to finish the job on schedule.
如果我们要想按计划完成这项任务，我们得抓紧时间。
We must not stand by with folded arms when people damage state property.
当人们损害国家财产时，我们决不能袖手旁观。
We must perform the task that has been imposed upon us.
我们必须完成我们肩负的任务。
We must put a new lock on the front door.
我们得在前门上安一把新锁。
We must rely on our own efforts.
我们必须依靠自己的努力。
We must see to it that Party policies are implemented.
我们必须注意使党的政策得到贯彻执行。
We must stop meeting like this people are beginning to talk!
我们绝不能再这样约会了－－人们已经说起闲话来了。
We must take action before it is too late.
我们必须趁早采取行动，否则来不及了。
We must tell them of [about] our decision.
我们应当把我们的决定告诉他们。
We must try to get to the bottom of it. Do you have any clues yet?
我们一定要查明这件事的真相。你有线索吗？
We must wait until his return.
我们必须等到他回来。
We mustn't give way to these unreasonable demands.
我们不可对这些不合理的要求让步。
We mustn't sit by while our neighboring Commune is short of manpower.
邻近的公社正缺少劳动力，我们可不能袖手旁观。
We need a lot of things this week.
这个星期我们需要好多东西。
We need democracy.
我们需要民主。
We need some boil water.
我们需要一些开（过的）水。
We need to cooperate perfectly to win the game.
要想赢得比赛，我们需要密切配合。
We need workers' help.
我们需要工人们的帮助。
We never know what will be"in".
我们实在搞不清楚什么东西会流行。
We now living in a world in which robot take over much of the work.
在我们这个时代，机器人承担了大量的工作。
We offer this small token by way of appreciation.
我们赠送这小小的礼物以表谢意。
We often go for a ramble in the park after supper.
晚饭後我们常常在公园里漫步。
We often turn to this handbook for information on transistors.
我们常从这本手册查阅有关晶体管的资料。
We opened the meeting in last week.
我们上星期开过会。
We ought to plug away the best we can.
我们应该努力坚持工作。
We owed him fifty yuan.
我们欠他50元。
We pass through four countries on our way to greece.
我们在前往希腊的途中经过了四个国家。
We pay money down.
我们用现金付款。
We piped the water down.
我们用管道把水输送到下面来。
We planned to floor our room with oak.
我们计划用橡木材料给房间铺地板。
We politely turned down the invitation.
我们有礼貌地拒绝了邀请
We prefix Mr. to a man's name.
我们将Mr。放在男人姓名之前。
We promise to deliver your order on time.
我们保证你方定货能准时交货。
We put a series of prime-time commercial.
我们播出了一系列黄金时间商业广告。
We quarreled violently, and after that parted company.
我们大吵了一架，从此就断交了。
We ran out of food at the party because I didn't bargain for so many people turning up.
在宴会上我们的食物不够，因为我没有料到会有这么多人来。
We read about the storm in the paper today.
从今天的报纸上我们得知今天有风暴
We receive your cheque, value$250,000 which we have pass to your credit on account.
我们已收到贵方面额250，000元支票一张，此款我们已转入贵方所赊贷方帐户。
We regard him as a fool.
我们认为他是个傻瓜。
We regret that we are unable to take the goods offer by you, owing to our are overstock at present.
很遗憾，由于目前我库存太多，我无法接受贵公司所报供的商品。
We regret to say that your price is too high.
非常遗憾，你方的报价实在太高。
We relieve to see you back safe and sound.
见您平安归来我们感到放心了。
We require a special offer for the opening of our business.
由于开业之故，我们请求特殊报价。
We reviewed our experience, carried on new experiments, and piled up data.
我们总结了我们的经验，进行了新的实验，积累了数据。
We sale only goods in al condition.
我们只出售最佳状态的商品。
We saw a ship bearing in with the land.
我们看见一艘船正向陆地驶去。
We saw the missile coming our way and ducked down.
我们看到导弹朝我们这边飞来，接着落了下来。
We see a few cabin by the edge of the thick forest.
我们在密林边缘看见几间小木屋。
We seem to be at cross-purposes. I want to ask you to dinner tomorrow, not your boss.
看来我们是相互误会了：我是想请像明天来赴宴，而不是要请你的老板。
We sell direct from the factory to the customer and cut out the middleman.
我们从工厂向顾客直接销售，绕过了中间商。
We send off for the new catalogue.
我们去函索要了新目录。
We serve coffee in the lounge.
我们起居室里有咖啡奉客。
We shall be delighted if you'll lunch with us.
你要能来和我们一道吃午饭，我们就高兴了。
We shall be obliged if you will give us your immediate and careful attention.
若贵公司对我们的订购立即而审慎的处理，我们将非常感激。
We shall be victorious in despite of difficulties.
不管有什么困难，我们一定会胜利。
We shall discuss the problem fully before we make the decision.
在我们做出决定前，要详细讨论这个问题。
We shall give you a call when you may have had a chance to come up with some suitable prospects.
待您有机会为我方提供适当人选时，我方再致电与您联络。
We shall have to throw out a line of experienced soldiers to protect our weak front.
我们必须增加富有经验的士兵来保卫力量薄弱的前线。
We shall make the plan with an eye to the future.
我们作计划时应该考虑到将来。
We shall not hear the last of it.
这件事将一直成为人们的话题。
We shall so act that we shall have nothing to regret.
我们应该这样行动从而使我们以后不会后悔。
We share a small room between us.
我们两个人合住一间小房。
We should always help each other.
我们应始终互相帮助。
We should be finished with the project in a few days. We’re on the last lap now.
我们要在几天后完成这项工程。现在我们已进入了最后阶段。
We should capitalize on every chance we get to improver our English.
我们应该充分利用一切机会来提高英语水平。
We should find peaceful ways of settling international disputes rather than appeal to arms.
我们应当用和平方法解决国际争端，而不应诉诸武力。
We should help him out.
我们应当拉他一把。
We should make good use of our time.
我们应该充分利用我们的时间。
We should not kiss off our responsibility for that.
我们不应该逃避对那件事的责任。
We should save unnecessary expense.
我们应节省不必要的开支。
We should take steps to prevent war.
我们应当采取措施制止战争。
We shouldn't harbour any unrealistic notions about the talks on the so-called disarmament.
我们不应对所谓的裁军谈判抱有任何不切实际的想法。
We signed out of college on Friday evening and returned on Monday morning.
我们星期五晚上签字离开大学，星期一早晨再回来。
We sold out our entire stock.
我们把存货全卖光了。
We sought her out to tell her of her success.
我们找到她，告诉她她成功了。
We spent every last penny we had on the house.
我们的钱全部用在房子上了。
We stand side by side with you in this dispute.
在这场辩论中我们与你们相互支持。
We stayed in a hotel on the lake last night.
昨晚我们在湖边的旅馆过夜。
We stood in full view of the crowd.
我们站在群众可以完全看见的地方。
We stopped to listen carefully, but we didn't hear anyone speaking.
我们停下来仔细地听了一下，但没有听见有人在说话。
We study hard so that we may work better.
我们努力学习，以便我们能更好地工作。
We surmise that the delay is caused by some accident.
我们猜测这迟延是由某种意外所致。
We take the10: 25 express to Edinburgh.
我们将乘１０点２５分的特快列车去爱丁堡。
We tested it as soon as it came off the machines.
它一生产出来我们就进行了检验。
We thank you for your letter offering your service and shall like to discuss the possibility of expand trade with you.
谢谢贵方来函表示愿意提供服务，我们原与你方就扩大贸易可能性进行讨论。
We think him a good cadre.
我们认为他是个好干部。
We think you are a most valuable member of the team, but don't let it go to your head.
我们认为你是本队非常有用的队员，但不要因此就冲昏了你的头脑。
We threw all the men we had into the battle.
我们把所有的人都投入了这场战斗。
We took a walk an hour ago.
一个小时以前我们在散步。
We trade on the principle of equality and mutual benefit.
我们按平等互利的原则进行贸易。
We tried the new supermarket last week, but it's not what it's cracked up to be.
上周我们试着去了一下那家新的超级市场，但它不像所说的那么好。
We tried to pair Mary and Robert off.
我们曾设法使玛丽和罗伯特结为一对。
We trust that you will favour us with a trial at an early date, and await the pleasure of hearing from you.
我们相信，近日内必能收到贵公司的试销订单，为此恭候来函。
We try to keep stock levels low during the summer.
夏天我们尽量使库存水平低些。
We turned the boat round and pulled for the shore.
我们将船掉过头来，用力向河岸划去。
We use only the finest materials to make our furniture.
我们只用最好的材料制作家具。
We used to laugh at their provincial manners. I had to laugh when I saw who my opponent was.
我们以前常常嘲笑他们粗俗的举止。当我得知我的对手是谁的时候，我感到好笑
We usually knock off at about five o'clock.
我们通常大约５点下班。
We visited both New York and London.
我们既访问了纽约，又访问了伦敦。
We waited for the procession to go by.
我们等着那行列走过。
We walked a few more steps and then we reached the rocky bridge that juts out from the bank.
然后，只走了几步路，我们来到一座危岩从那堤岸迤逦而去的地方。
We want peace, we want freedom, we want security we want stronger, we want freedom to gain.
我们渴望和平，我们渴望自由，我们渴望安全，我们渴望强大，我们渴望赢得自由。
We want to really know the principles of its structure.
我们想真正了解这个结构的原理。
We watch them play basketball.
我们观看他们打篮球。
We went by the shop without seeing it.
我们走过那店铺而竟没有看到它。
We went the long way round and they took a short cut, but we had the last laugh because they got lose!
我们兜了远路，他们却走了捷径，但最终还是我们赢了，因为他们迷了路！
We went to the park and spent a happy afternoon strolling around, and it didn't cost a penny.
我们去了公园在那里度过了一个愉快的下午，而且还不花一分钱。
We were all entertained by his tricks.
我们都对他的戏法感到兴趣。
We were amused at the way he so frequently chopped into our conversation by saying:"I thought as much."
我们谈话时，他老是插进来说“不出我所料”，这使我们感到好笑。
We were careful not to come within gunshot of the enemy.
我们很小心，不进入敌人的射程之内。
We were down to10 gallons and we still had a long way to go.
我们只剩下10加仑油了却还有那么长的一段路要赶。
We were fogbound at London Airport for12 hours.
我们被大雾困在伦敦机场达十二小时。
We were half convinced.
我们有点信服了。
We were infused with new hope.
我们心充满着新希。
We were more than happy to hear of your escape!
我们听说你逃了出来，万分高兴。
We were pestered with flies.
我们让苍绳烦透了。
We were relocated to the other side of town.
我们被徙置於城镇的另一侧。
We were snowed in for three days last winter.
去年冬天我们被雪困住，在家里呆了三天。
We were surprised to see how welcome they were in the countryside.
我们惊奇地看到，它们在农村那么受欢迎。
We were turned back at the gate.
我们在大门口被挡了驾。
We were winning the boat race until our boat went aground(on an sand bank).
我们快要赢得这次赛艇比赛时，突然我们的船搁浅了。
We will back you up if you put the suggestion to the meeting.
如果你在会上把这个建议提出来，我们一定支持你。
We will do it in a jiffy.
我们马上去做。
We will go next year plan surely.
我们将定出明年的计划。
We will justify our glorious past and the loyalty of silent millions who look to us for compassion, for understanding, and for honest purpose.
我们将公正地评价我们辉煌的过去和忠诚的前辈，他们正以同情、谅解、诚信的眼光沉默地看着我们。
We will not be frightened by threats.
威胁是不能把我们吓倒的。
We will resolutely perform our internationalist duty no matter what happens.
不管发生什么情况，我们都要坚决履行我们的国际主义义务。
We will try to cool the water.
我们得设法把水弄凉。
We wish to add...
我们希望加上。。。
We wish to remind you of our letter of... in which we asked you to...
我们提醒你方注意，我方。。。月。。。日函要求你方。。。
We won't give up halfway, happen what may.
不管发生什么情况，我们都不能半途而废。
We work from sun to sun.
我们整天工作。
We would have gone on the picnic if it hadn't rained.
如果不下雨，我们本来要去野餐的。
We wouldn't bargain on John arriving soon.
我们认为约翰不会马上到达。
We'd better enlarge the reading room by knocking through between the two small rooms.
我们最好打通两个房间中间的墙，来扩大阅是览室的面积。
We'd better make it snappy, if we don't want to miss the beginning of the film.
如果我们不想错过电影的开头的话，就得快点。
We'd better start for the hotel.
我们动身去你的旅馆吧。
We'd like to accept the order for prompt delivery.
我们愿接受这些要求迅速交货的订单。
We'd like to renew our sole agency agreement for another two years.
我们想把我们之间的独家代理协议延长两年。
We'd very much appreciate your help.
我们将非常感谢您的帮助。
We'll be there inside an hour.
我们一个小时内到
We'll change it, then. You take this one.
那么，我们调换一下吧。你就拿这一件。
We'll draw on you by our documentary draft at sight on collection basis.
我们将按托收方式向你方开出即期跟单汇票。
We'll get the water out with a suction pump.
我们将用抽水机把水抽出来。
We'll have a bottle of the house wine.
我们要喝一瓶家酿葡萄酒。
We'll have supper on the terrace.
我们将在阳台上用晚餐。
We'll have to hurry, It's getting late.
我们得赶快，天不早了。
We'll lead with the dock strike.
我们把码头工人罢工当作头条新闻
We'll move back to Building5 early next week.
我们下星期初要搬回到5号楼去。
We'll pay you half up front and the other half when you've finished the job.
我们先付给你一半钱，剩下的一半等你干完了再付。
We'll see if that can be arranged.
我们要看看这好不好安排。
We'll spend the day looking round and leave tomorrow.
我们将花一天工夫各处瞧瞧，明天离开这里。
We'll try again and make sure if the supplier is prepare to give you priority with their offer.
我们将再去核实一下，看供货商是否准备优先供货给您。
We're a little disorganized after the move, but do come and see us when we've settled in.
我们搬家后家里还点杂乱无章，等安顿好后请你们一定来玩。
We're awfully obliged to you for getting us back.
你把我们送回来，我们非常感激。
We're dying to hear what happened.
我们急于想听一听发生了什么事。
We're going to have a crazy night at a new disco pub. Are you coming?
我们要去一家新开的迪斯科舞厅狂欢一晚，你要来吗？
We're having a party.
我们正在聚会。
We're in for dinner tonight.
今晚我们在家吃。
We're leaving this city; our future home will be in Paris.
＂我们就要离开这座城市了，我们未来的家将在巴黎。＂
We're not staying in the village, we're just passing through.
我们不在这个村庄逗留，只是路过这里。
We're rather concerned about father's health.
我们相当担心父亲的健康。
We're staying, come hell or high water.
不管有多大的困难，我们都将留下来
We're trying to bring along one or two promising young swimmers.
我们正设法培养出一两名有前途的年轻游泳选手。
We're working on some wood-cuts.
我们在创作一些木刻。
We've been deceived in that boy, we thought his behavior was improving but now it's worse than ever.
我们时那男孩太失望了，我们原以为他的行为有所改善，但现在比以前更糟。
We've been married for2 years.
我们结婚两年了。
We've covered a lot of ground today. Next time we'll have a review class.
今天我们学了很多东西，下一堂课我们温习。
We've finished off the last of our fuel oil.
我们已经用完了最後的燃料油。
We've got plenty of cash.
我们有足够的现金
We've had a new carpet laid in the bedroom.
我们在卧室里铺了新地毯。
We've laid in enough food for the winter.
我们已为过冬贮存了足够的粮食。
We've organized an English Club, but not all the students want to be drawn in.
我们组织了一个英语俱乐部，但不是所有的学生都愿意参加。
We've seen quite a bit of him while you were away.
你不在时，我们见到他的时候相当多。
We've turned the enemy.
我们迂包抄敌人。
Wealth is no guarantee of happiness.
财富并非幸福的保证。
