"There is that, indeed. Perhaps I should cost my trip more carefully before deciding."
"And now peace laps her round."
"Are you going to give me that money? ""No way! "
"At first he believed the painting was an original by Harris, but by careful observation he found out that it was a forgery."
"Besides, whether I am or not, " he added, "that has little or nothing to do with his thinking me ungrateful."
"But I think differently, " chimed in one of the members.
"Can you jump your horse over the last fence?"
"Do you want abe or me to go with you? " Tom ask his wife.
"Don't keep me in a state of suspense, please! If you know the results of my examination, tell me! "
"Even an old book? ""I want to know what's in the book, " says Abe.
"Fine day for a shoot, " Patrick said. Julian then said to them all: "Well, this is well met, what? "
"Generally, young women like it better than older women do."
"Hang it!" he shouted, when he saw his train had already gone.
"He bought his angry wife a gift, but she refused to be mollified."
"How did your two lads do in their maths contest? ""The youngster came out pretty well, but poor old Jim was nowhere.
"How're you coming along on Einstein?"" It's just starting to clear up a bit."
"I can go to the store and be back in five minutes, " bragged Tom. "Just watch my dust."
"I don't have any hopes that the new Cabinet will bring any changes, " said Masaki Nagase, a35-year-old office worker, "What we need is to remove that Prime Minister."
"I have a bad headache." "Join the club; I have one, too."
"I hope you will keep silence while I am out of the room,"
"I really can't decide what to do." "No more can I."
"I'm quite willing to do as I say-just bring the children down into the Hall, and you can hover about among the back row." "Anything for a quiet life, " she said.
"I've got two tickets for the fashion show. Would you like to go with me? ""Will a duck swim? "
"If we get caught with the jewels, I hope we're not hauled up before the same judge who dealt with us last time." said the old thief.
"Ignore the child if he misbehaves, and he'll soon stop."
"Is this new man funny, then? ""Funny! The way he tells jokes will knock them in the aisles."
"It was probably one of those champagne-type sparkling wines they gave you." "No, it wasn't. It was the genuine article."
"It's too expensive." "Too expensive, my eye! I know you can afford it! "
"Meeting now-- time for our meeting! "
"My dog can speak7 languages,"--" No, you're putting me on!"
"No, the damned Customs took it." John said, and as he had a gulp of the whisky he added, "Devil take them! "
"Of course he will get a higher salary eventually." "If or when he qualifies."
"Once, however, Big Ben failed to give the correct time."
"Perhaps it's time we were leaving." "Speak for yourselves, darlings!"
"Rain" and "reign" are pronounced the same.
"That sounds for all the world like a lark, " she said in amazement.
"The Swedes got the best of us." Captain Clark Donatelli said. "Their team couldn't beat us, but their referee sure did."
"The facts, Bob, the facts! " Thomas cut in. There was an edge to his voice.
"The meeting seemed to be endless, but I extricated myself by saying I had to catch a plane."
"The price is too high, and moreover, the house isn't in a suitable position."
"The wind was strong all day, but it moderated in the evening."
"There's not going to be any wedding," I told him. "It's off."
"We were flung together by the war", said the official.
"Well, we'd better get started and stop fiddling about."
"What do the children do with themselves during the holidays? "
"What schoolboy of fourteen is ignorant of this remarkable circumstance"(Macaulay).
"When a student's family is not rich, he has to earn money for part of his college expenses."
"Where is George?" "Gone off home to lick his wounds, I expect. You were pretty severe with him."
"Why are you crying? " "I can't help it."
"You remember, Fleur? The young Englishman I met at Mount Vernon." "Ships that pass in the night! " said Fleur.
"You're an astounding card, " he said staring. "I shall come and hear your sermons if they're as amusing as your manners."
"…I will speak daggers to her, but use none…"(Shakespeare, Hamlet)
as a reply or confirmation
17 Congressmen were absent at the Congressional roll call.
4-7-1-7. One moment, please.
A British volunteer cavalry force organized in1761 to serve as a home guard and later incorporated into the Territorial Army.
A Mongol or Mongolian.
A President of the United States is inaugurated every four years.
A Smugglear
A Vatican diplomatic envoy or representative ranking just beneath a nuncio.
A background accompaniment, as for a performer.
A bad piece of news.
A baggage checker.
A base metal.
A bath towel splashed with blue and green
A beautiful corner-kick!
A belief that moral or spiritual perfection can be achieved by people in this life.
A benign tumor, most often found in the heart, that is composed of connective tissue embedded in mucus.
A biblical patriarch said to have lived969 years.
A big dog come running round the corner, cannon into him, and knock him over.
A black hen lays a white egg.
A blanket fabric made of low-grade woolen cloth with a nap on both sides.
A blood-curdling cry, scream, story
A blow, such as one delivered with a stick.
A board perforated with a pattern of holes into which pegs can be fitted for playing certain games.
A boat with an outboard motor.
A body of qualified voters.
A booklet containing problems and exercises that a student may work directly on the pages.
A borough of northeast-central Pennsylvania on the Susquehanna River opposite Wilkes-Barre. It is mainly residential. Population, 15,681.
A bout one- third of them do.
A boxlike covering or enclosure.
A bracing tonic.
A brave fireman rescued the woman.
A breezy prose style.
A broken or discarded thread.
A buck in its second year, before the antlers branch.
A building or collection of buildings that has machinery for manufacture; a factory.
A built-in bed or bunk, as on a ship or a train.
A bullfighter who performs the final passes and kills the bull.
A bus jockey; a computer jockey; a jet jockey.
A business that caters banquets and weddings.
A capsule is long and thin and you'll open it up. You can also take out what's in a capsule.
A car suddenly shoot out of a side road and nearly hit me.
A card or sheet of microfilm capable of accommodating and preserving a considerable number of pages, as of printed text, in reduced form.
A caress or touch with the lips.
A case containing magnetic tape in a reel; a cassette.
A cat brushed against her leg in the darkness.
A catalog of the animals of a specific region or period.
A certain popular teacher; felt that certain breeds did not make good pets.
A challenge to a duel.
A change in stress, pitch, loudness, or tone of the voice; an inflection of the voice.
A character or other piece of information entered into a computer only to meet prescribed conditions, such as word length, and having no effect on operations.
A charge for public conveyance; fare.
A chat over coffee.
A cheeky boy, remark
A chronic, progressive lung disease caused by prolonged inhalation of asbestos particles.
A cigarette burn in the tablecloth.
A citizen is expected to conform to the law of his country.
A clamor in the press for pollution control.
A classic mistake.
A clean, straight line.
A clerical function that is concerned with the assembly of data file and materials required to run a program or a set of programs.
A club function is being held in the main restaurant.
A coal miner's job is dirty and dangerous at best.
A coating similar to the pelt of a mammal.
A coin of Saudi Arabia worth!/100 of a riyal.
A cold, inimical voice.
A collection of recorded data or tapes arranged for ease of use.
A college prep course; did extensive prep work for the interview.
A common theme in horror stories is of a monstrous creature raised by supernatural power from the dead.
A company shall be careful not to have many yes- man in their organization.
A complaint or gripe.
A composer of fables.
A compound that contains ammonia.
A computer program that effects some final computation or organization.
A concert relayed live from the Royal Albert Hall
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never learnt to walk.
A constricted throat in the air passage of a carburetor, causing a reduction in pressure that results in fuel vapor being drawn out of the carburetor bowl.
A container or box made of tin plate.
A contest or deliberation the outcome of which is fraudulently prearranged.
A contract for the commercial leasing of a vessel or space on a vessel.
A controversial or unorthodox opinion or doctrine, as in politics, philosophy, or science.
A coolant, which may he liquid sodium, water or some other substances can carry away the heat produced in the reactor.
A country should mainly rely on the strength and wisdom of its own people.
A course or track for racing, especially harness racing.
A covered one-horse carriage with two seats.
A cow or other domestic bovine animal.
A crane is a machine.
A creeper was entwined round the pillar.
A critic is a man whose watch is five minutes ahead of other people's watch.
A curve on a surface of revolution, formed by the intersection of the surface with a plane containing the axis of revolution.
A customary time or occasion of eating food.
A cyclic check code used to check and correct the burst error appeared in the transmission procedure of binary information sequence. It is one of the error check codes in common use for computer disc memory.
A damaged or defective object or device.
A dark mass of trees loomed in the distance.
A daub, as of color.
A deadly fear swept over him.
A deep voice.
A defense mechanism in which there is an unconscious shift of emotions, affect, or desires from the original object to a more acceptable or immediate substitute.
A delicious odor greeted me when I opened the door.
A dense thicket of cane.
A deposit of exposed natural salt that is licked by passing animals.
A deserted or abandoned child of unknown parentage.
A despicable, sneaky person, especially one who betrays or informs upon associates.
A device on intersecting railroad tracks that permits wheels to cross the junction.
A device that compares two items of data and indicates the result of that comparison.
A device that produces a bright light for signaling, illumination, or identification.
A device used to modulate an electromagnetic wave.
A device, such as a ruler, tab, or bar, that serves as an indicator or acts to regulate a motion or operation.
A diamond, my eye! That's glass!
A differentiated part of an organism, such as an eye, a wing, or a leaf, that performs a specific function.
A disease resulting from parasitic infestation.
A disk, globe, or crescent resembling the natural satellite of Earth.
A dispute about words.
A distinguishing characteristic or feature.
A dive executed by jumping headfirst, bending the body at the waist, and, with the legs straight, touching the feet with the hands before straightening out to enter the water hands first.
A divorce that caused much comment.
A document presented to a court and containing a formal statement of a case, complaint, or petition.
A dress that hangs well.
A drop of blood slid down his leg.
A drug, especially an illicit or addictive one.
A dry red wine made from the black grape variety Cabernet sauvignon.
A duly appointed official.
A fabric made of different kinds of thread or yarn.
A face ashen with grief.
A family, community, or society based on this system or governed by women.
A farm implement consisting of a heavy frame with sharp teeth or upright disks, used to break up and even off plowed ground.
A fattened young pig.
A feasible plan.
A feeling of agitation and anxiety caused by the presence or imminence of danger.
A felled seam.
A fenced enclosure for confining bulls.
A fifth of whiskey, please.
A file which is a collection of change records used to update a master file in batch processing.
A final discharge, as of a duty or debt.
A fine powder, such as pulverized charcoal, dusted over a stencil to transfer a design to an underlying surface.
A fingernail or toenail.
A firework that rotates while burning.
A fishing fly having this color.
A flat, horizontal surface.
A flexible fiber-optic instrument used to view an object or area, such as a body cavity, that would otherwise be inaccessible.
A flirtatious glance.
A floppy hat brim.
A fluid-containing sac or cavity in the body of an organism.
A fold or ridge, as of skin, membrane, or shell.
A fool always finds a greater fool than himself.
A formal general assembly of the princes or estates of the Holy Roman Empire.
A formal written statement as to competency and dependability, given by an employer to a former employee; a recommendation.
A fortress in a commanding position in or near a city.
A four-day workweek.
A fragment of dried animal dung used as fuel.
A fraudulent imitation or facsimile.
A freighter up for Panama.
A full-length novel.
A fungal spore produced by budding.
A gallant feathered hat; cut a gallant figure at the coronation.
A garden club.
A gasp broke from her.
A general idea derived or inferred from specific instances or occurrences.
A gentle horse.
A globe surmounted by a cross, used as a symbol of monarchial power and justice.
A gold key open every door.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
A good education can be the gateway to success.
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he knows something.
A good reason.
A grand admiral.
A greasy hamburger.
A great number or quantity.
A greatly enlarged photograph or series of photographs placed on a wall especially as decoration.
A groove inside the end of a barrel or cask into which the head is set.
A group of animals or birds, especially larks or quail.
A group of foes or hostile forces.
A guarantee to perform something in a specified way.
A gunshot wound; gunshot victims.
A habitually complaining or irritable person.
A halting voice.
A handsome building looked at from any angle.
A hard assignment.
A hard-core secessionist; a hard-core golfer.
A heavy blow, fall of snow
A heavy lorry floundered about in deep snow.
A heavy vote in favor of the bill.
A helicopter or other aircraft used for such transport.
A hick town.
A high official in a royal court, especially one aiding the sovereign in military affairs.
A high-pitched electronic sound; a bleep.
A hole, usually with a cover, through which a person may enter a sewer, boiler, drain, or similar structure.
A home without love is no more a home than a body without a soul is a man.
A horizontal beam, as of steel or wood, used as a main support for a building or bridge.
A horse having a coat of mottled gray.
A hospice for travelers or pilgrims.
A hot drink will soon set you up.
A house of weathered shingles.
A jagged wound or cut.
A job that is not associated with a terminal.
A joke that was incongruous with polite conversation.
A judicial mind consider both side of a dispute fairly before make a decision.
A karate black belt chopped my knee when I sparred with him.
A killing pace.
A knee-high table.
A large assembly, often international, especially of Boy Scouts or Girl Scouts.
A large contingent from Japan is presented at the conference.
A large group of protesters have turned out.
A large or high waterfall.
A large roll of cloth of a definite length, especially as it comes from the loom.
A large white duck of a Chinese breed, widely raised in the United States for food.
A large, powerful computer, often serving several connected terminals.
A leader who obtains power by means of impassioned appeals to the emotions and prejudices of the populace.
A leather-covered bludgeon with a short, flexible shaft or strap, used as a hand weapon.
A legal title to property held by one party for the benefit of another.
A length of yarn, cord, or thread, especially a strong silk thread used mainly to bind the edges of buttonholes.
A library of teaching materials for preventing teenage suicides will open for educators in Hong Kong this year.
A life-size full or partial representation of the human body, used for the fitting or displaying of clothes; a dummy.
A light dramatic work in which highly improbable plot situations, exaggerated characters, and often slapstick elements are used for humorous effect.
A line made by pressing, folding, or wrinkling.
A line of waiting people or vehicles.
A linesman signaled"off-side", but the referee overruled him and ordered"play on".
A list has been drawn up of words we learned last year.
A list or collection of various items.
A literary, dramatic, or pictorial device in which characters and events stand for abstract ideas, principles, or forces, so that the literal sense has or suggests a parallel, deeper symbolic sense.
A little indiscreet gossip isn't enough to make you fall into disgrace with all your friends.
A long cloak or outer robe, usually of fur or with a fur lining.
A long seat, often without a back, for two or more persons.
A long, bag-shaped fishing net held open by hoops.
A long, plain, close-fitting military jacket, usually with a stiff high collar.
A long-lived aunt.
A loose deposit of rock debris accumulated through the action of gravity at the base of a cliff or slope.
A loosely fitting dress that hangs straight, sometimes worn with a belt; a shift.
A lousy trick.
A low chest of drawers often supporting a mirror and typically used for holding clothes and personal items.
A low, sustained, mournful cry, usually indicative of sorrow or pain.
A lunar occultation of a quasar.
A machine for hoisting and moving heavy objects, consisting of a movable boom equipped with cables and pulleys and connected to the base of an upright stationary beam.
A machine that crushes rock or ore.
A magical view over the calm waters of the bay
A man can die but once.
A man hurried up to me and asked what the time was.
A man like Matthew that's had to do with boats all his life doesn't need advice from you.
A man of humble birth.
A man sidled up to me and asked of I wanted a ticket for the performance.
A man who drives a coach or carriage.
A man who is a resident of a town.
A mannish stride.
A mark indicating the boundary of such an interval.
A mark used to define a shape or represent a contour.
A married woman's personal property exclusive of her dowry, according to common law.
A mass of solid propellant.
A material added in small amounts during a chemical or metallurgical process to absorb impurities.
A mature audience.
A mechanical model of the solar system.
A medical student or intern.
A medieval light helmet with a neck guard and movable visor.
A mellow friend; a mellow conversation.
A member of a Zulu people of southwest Zimbabwe.
A member of a group of elite, highly loyal supporters.
A member of a secret order of Moslem fanatics who terrorized and killed Christian Crusaders and others.
A member, such as a beam, that projects beyond a fulcrum and is supported by a balancing member or a downward force behind the fulcrum.
A mentally ill person.
A messenger or an agent; a go-between.
A metal rod or bar around which material, such as metal or glass, may be shaped.
A method of organic gardening and crop cultivation in which certain factors, such as planetary and seasonal cycles, are considered.
A metrical foot consisting of a stressed syllable followed by an unstressed syllable, as in season, or of a long syllable followed by a short syllable.
A mild spring day; mild weather in June.
A misfortune came upon him.
A misty rain; a misty night.
A mixture of water and honey that becomes mead when fermented.
A moderate brown to reddish brown.
A mold in which such metal is cast.
A monotone recitation of names.
A mop of unruly hair.
A movie star was holding court at London Airport.
A municipal borough of central England north of Nottingham. It is an industrial center in a coal-mining region. Population, 99,900.
A muscle with two heads or points of origin.
A mutual clarification of misunderstandings; a reconciliation.
A name, symbol, or trademark designed for easy and definite recognition, especially one borne on a single printing plate or piece of type.
A narrow hallway, passageway, or gallery, often with rooms or apartments opening onto it.
A narrow strip of tissue joining two larger organs or parts of an organ.
A native or inhabitant of Portugal.
A native or inhabitant of the Caucasus.
A natural endowment or gift; a talent.
A near relative; a near and dear friend.
A neophyte at politics.
A new appraisal or evaluation.
A new director in this department will really get thing move.
A night of the week exclusive of Saturday and Sunday.
A noisy, disorderly fight or quarrel; a brawl.
A notable or distinctive feature or characteristic.
A notice of sale.
A novel written at the peak of the writer's career.
A number of mistakes in the proofs were let through.
A number or total that is nine times as great as another.
A pair of united petals in certain flowers, as those of the pea.
A panel discussion on the radio on the future of the Health Service
A parent who played off one child against another.
A part of his income goes on books; but he thinks it's money well spent.
A partial excuse.
A particular value for a variable that is assigned automatically by an operating system and remains in effect unless canceled or overridden by the operator.
A pass between two mountain peaks or a gap in a ridge.
A peace officer with less authority and smaller jurisdiction than a sheriff, empowered to serve writs and warrants and make arrests.
A pelvic artery.
A people having common origins or traditions and often constituting a nation.
A performance of or dialogue for such an entertainment.
A period of such abstention or self-denial.
A permanent diplomatic office abroad.
A person associated with but not officially residing in an institution, especially a nonresident physician on a hospital staff.
A person of a rapacious, predatory, or profiteering nature.
A person of independent means.
A person or group appointed to represent another or others; a delegation.
A person regarded as aggressive, audacious, or fierce.
A person regarded as stupid, crude, or loud.
A person trained in Jewish law, ritual, and tradition and ordained for leadership of a Jewish congregation, especially one serving as chief religious official of a synagogue.
A person who behaves recklessly or wildly.
A person who produces no useful work.
A person who uncritically or habitually conforms to the customs, rules, or styles of a group.
A person with dark brown hair.
A person, an animal, or a plant whose descent can be traced to a particular individual or group.
A personal enemy.
A petty quarrel or argument; a tiff.
A physical arrangement of elements;("a bit pattern";"a dot-matrix pattern";"a storage pattern").
A piece of money.
A piece of writing, as on the jacket of a book, containing often exaggerated praise, used for promotional purposes.
A pilot noticed a balloon which seemed to be making for a Royal Air Force Station nearby.
A pipe or channel by which liquid is drawn off.
A place for keeping, breeding, or observing living insects.
A place of congregation, especially an ancient Greek marketplace.
A place or situation of great suffering and hardship, likened to the atmosphere in a prison system or a forced labor camp.
A plan was slowly-ting in my mind.
A plant cultivated for an edible part, such as the root of the beet, the leaf of spinach, or the flower buds of broccoli or cauliflower.
A plant yielding this bark.
A platform, as of planking, at the entrance to a dock.
A playful leap or hop.
A pledge that something will be performed in a specified manner.
A pocket backyard; a pocket museum.
A policy of making higher education available to all and not just a privileged few
A political theory holding that all power should be vested in one ruler or other authority.
A polygon whose angles are equal.
A poor performance.
A porch or walkway with a roof supported by columns, often leading to the entrance of a building.
A position at a distance from the inside or center, as of a playing field or racetrack.
A positive photograph made directly on an iron plate varnished with a thin sensitized film.
A preliminary sketch similar in size to the work, such as a fresco, that is to be copied from it.
A presidential candidate, election, policy
A primary division of a kingdom, as of the animal kingdom, ranking next above a class in size.
A print journalist; print coverage.
A printing mechanism that produces characters by deflecting drops of ink.
A prize cow.
A procedure to terminate execution of a program when an unrecoverable error or malfunction occurs.
A project is on foot to build a new tunnel here.
A promiscuous man; a philanderer.
A proper or assigned station or place, as for officers and crew on a warship.
A proposition obtained by conversion.
A protective pier or dock apron used as a buffer against floating ice.
A provincial governor in the Ottoman Empire.
A public institution for the care and protection of children without parents.
A qualifying or amplifying word, phrase, or sentence inserted within written matter in such a way as to be independent of the surrounding grammatical structure.
A quantum number, either+1(even) or-1(odd), that mathematically describes this property.
A quick glance.
A quorum of such an assembly.
A radial part or structure, such as a mechanically pivoted arm or the spoke of a wheel.
A radio signal tells the pilot of an airplane when his plane is off the beam.
A railway employee in charge of a train.
A really well- made buttonhole is the only link between art and nature.
A reception held, as by royalty, upon arising from bed.
A record that follows a header.
A red flag is a sign of danger.
A reduction in value, amount, or degree.
A region of atmospheric pressure that is below normal.
A register whose content changes at regular intervals in such a way as to measure time.
A representation of such an object.
A resident of a district or member of a group represented by an elected official.
A restaurant that specializes in serving steaks and chops.
A return envelope that requires no postage is enclosed for your convenience in reply.
A ribbon made of this fabric.
A rider came pounding up with an order from the commander in chief.
A ring or collar of rope used to hoist spars or prevent fraying.
A room painted in restful colors.
A rosary having beads for five decades of Hail Marys.
A round the world ticket allow several stopover.
A row, as of leaves or snow, heaped up by the wind.
A rule that applies to everyone.
A rural region.
A salary commensurate with my performance.
A scientific discovery that won critical applause.
A screen or fence used to prevent a ball from being thrown or hit far out of a playing area, as in baseball.
A seaside town, hotel, holiday
A second-rate imitator or follower, especially of an artist or a philosopher.
A secretary has always been a pink collar job.
A security device(often part of a terminal) that reads information(often from a magnetic strip) on a badge inserted in a slot. In this way, it can prevent the unauthorized use of a display station before allowing an operator to sign on.
A self-made man? Yes, and worship his creator.
A series of symbolic body postures and hand movements used in East Indian classical dancing.
A serum-filled blister formed in or beneath the skin.
A set of four persons or things.
A set of staffs connected in this way.
A severe illness in conjunction with the hot weather has left the baby very weak.
A shady public walk or promenade.
A share or quota, as of troops, contributed to a general effort.
A ship's crew and officers.
A short addition or concluding section at the end of a literary work, often dealing with the future of its characters.
A short horizontal bar suspended from two parallel ropes, used for exercises or for acrobatic stunts.
A short piece in a newspaper or magazine.
A short street, especially a wide alley walled by buildings on three sides.
A short, irregular motion of waves.
A shortage of building land will push property values up.
A similar hood often covering the shoulders, worn by soldiers and sailors.
A simple song.
A single beat or throb.
A single magnetic disk.
A single vowel articulated without change in quality throughout the course of a syllable, as the vowel of English bed.
A sizeable field, house, sum of money
A slab of stone laid flat over a grave.
A small boil or abscess on the gum, often resulting from tooth decay.
A small cave is the only refuge from the cold.
A small container for needles, thread, and other sewing equipment.
A small distinguishing flag displayed by a yacht.
A small folded bag filled with lead pellets, used as ammunition in a stun gun.
A small house or cottage usually having a single story and sometimes an additional attic story.
A small mass of tissue or aggregation of cells.
A small sleeping compartment, especially within a dormitory.
A small tower or tower-shaped projection on a building.
A small, dry, one-seeded fruit of a cereal grass, having the fruit and the seed walls united.
A small, minor work.
A small, sharp, local pain, such as that made by a needle or a bee sting.
A small, usually rectangular board, used as a game of chance, that contains many holes each filled with a folded slip of paper that when punched out indicates a designated prize, win, or loss.
A smoked sausage of beef or beef and pork made in long, reddish links.
A soft, thin cloth woven from Chinese or Indian raw silk or an imitation thereof.
A soldier should value honour above life.
A solid having such a surface.
A son of one's brother or sister or the brother or sister of one's spouse.
A sorority house.
A source of irritation or annoyance.
A space, as in a driveway, permitting the turning around of a vehicle.
A speech marked by strong feeling; a tirade.
A spindle or bobbin around which yarn is wound in weaving.
A spool or reel that holds thread or yarn for spinning, weaving, knitting, sewing, or making lace.
A squalid or filthy condition.
A staff party, room, meeting
A standard procedure ensured that orders were relayed with minimum delay to all sub-units in the division.
A state fair.
A steel ball.
A stiff felt hat with a round crown and a narrow, curved brim.
A stock price ex dividend.
A stone that has been shaped, polished, or faceted by wind-driven sand.
A storm accompanied by rain.
A story that strained our credibility.
A stratagem in which one appears to decline an advantage.
A strong man hired as a bodyguard or thug.
A strongly nasal tone of voice, especially as a peculiarity of certain regional dialects.
A structure that can be swung, drawn, or lowered to block an entrance or a passageway.
A student should always be curious to learn.
A sturdy car that is calculated to last for years; a choice that was calculated to please.
A style or individual sample of writing.
A substance believed to maintain life indefinitely.
A sudden and severe strain was placed upon us by the cutting off of these supplies.
A sudden light that made me blink.
A sudden shut-in feeling come over her after everybody leave.
A sudden, violent disturbance of the mind.
A sum of money paid as bail or surety.
A sun-dried, unburned brick of clay and straw.
A supplementary set of keys, usually numerical and arranged like a calculator, added to a keyboard.
A swelling or small palpable mass.
A symbiotic relationship between organisms in which one species is harmed or inhibited and the other species is unaffected.
A system holding that all knowledge is derived from original divine revelation and is transmitted by tradition.
A system of vowels used in a language or dialect.
A table in the dining room above.
A tall tree once stood here.
A tax break for charitable contributions.
A tennis contest won by the player or side that wins a specified number of sets, usually two out of three or three out of five.
A term used to denote a spectacular failure in a program which results in the disruption of the entire computer system.
A test or standard used in measurement, comparison, or judgment.
A theory holding that economic variations within a given system, such as changing rates of inflation, are most often caused by increases or decreases in the money supply.
A thick syrup produced in refining raw sugar and ranging from light to dark brown in color.
A thin coat gives little protection against the cold.
A thin sheet of natural or synthetic material that is permeable to substances in solution.
A ticklish matter.
A tightly stretched sheet or membrane, as on the head of a drum.
A tiny electronic device with standardized dimensions(usually fabricated using semiconductor techniques) capable of performing one or more functions in a circuit.
A token payment.
A tool for making such a hole.
A top hat is a rare sight these days.
A tough negotiator who had a number of cards up his sleeve.
A track runs across the field to his house.
A trademark used for a brand of petroleum jelly.
A trademark used for a whirlpool bath or a device that swirls water in a bath.
A tragic poet.
A transaction on the stock market involving both a sale and a purchase.
A transmission or a motor vehicle with an automatic gear-shifting mechanism.
A travel company used as a front for bringing dangerous drugs into the country.
A truck that corners poorly.
A tub for bathing, especially one installed in a bathroom.
A tunnel dug to intercept and destroy an enemy's mine.
A two-bit cigar.
A type of microfilm used especially to photograph the pages of books.
A unifying bond, especially a marriage bond.
A unit of currency in Angola.
A unit of weight formerly used in Spanish-speaking countries, equal to about11.3 kilograms(25 pounds).
A usually alcoholic drink taken just before bedtime.
A usually rectangular pad of heavy cloth filled with soft material or an arrangement of coiled springs, used as or on a bed.
A vacant estate.
A valley with hills on either side.
A variety of apple having fruit with dark red skin.
A vehicle drawn by four horses.
A very small car, especially a subcompact.
A vessel or dish designed for the poaching of food, such as eggs or fish.
A victory in boxing in which one's opponent is unable to rise from the canvas within a specified time after being knocked down.
A villain, especially a hired killer.
A virtual state of war exist between the two countries.
A visual memory of the scene.
A volatile, flammable fraction of petroleum, obtained by distillation and used as a solvent.
A wary glance at the black clouds.
A water power station must have a dam.
A way of acting; bearing or behavior.
A weather-beaten face.
A week of rain.
A well devoid of water is useless.
A westward direction, point, or region.
A wide-sleeved garment worn by an English monarch at his or her coronation.
A will of iron.
A wise and trusted counselor or teacher.
A wobbling motion.
A woman having a mezzo-soprano voice.
A woman of mixed racial ancestry, especially of mixed European and Native American ancestry.
A woman regarded as ugly or terrifying.
A woman's dress or skirt.
A wonder lasts but nine days.
A woolen, often ribbed fabric formerly used for hose and trousers.
A word or phrase formed by reordering the letters of another word or phrase, such as satin to stain.
A word with two syllables.
A work produced for the stage, screen, television, or radio.
A worthless, despicable person.
A young cow or bull.
A young man of great physical beauty.
A young student fainted in the hot sun.
A-is a great schoolmaster].
A5% commission means an increase in our price.
Abide by laws
Abnormal enlargement of the breasts in a male.
Abraham Lincoln, the president loved by American people was always close to the people.
Absent or diminished fertility.
Abundant use of words without conveying much meaning.
Acceptance of the belief that all events are predetermined and inevitable.
Accompanying me was a Mr.Kao, director of the hospital.
According to our present idea of physics, nothing can travel faster than light.
According to the newspaper, the congressman is murdered.
Acting on inside information, the police were able to arrest the gang before the robbery occurred.
Acting, moving, or capable of acting or moving quickly; swift.
Acts of war; overt warfare.
Actually, I'd like to try my hand at something completely different.
Adam won't allow anyone to chisel in on his profits.
Add these numbers together.
Addressed us over the loudspeaker; can't tell you over the phone.
Advise how shipper dispose towards market movement?
Affected by improper nutrition or an insufficient diet.
Affecting or peculiar to animals of a specific geographic area. Used of a disease.
Afraid of being cut off, they lost no time in turning back.
After Friday I need never go to the office again.
After Mary finished her work, she went home.
After a bad fall I am out of action for a month.
After a long period of rain the river may overflow its banks.
After a pause he continued his story.
After a six-hour journey from Scotland the train arrived in London right on the nose.
After a week's work I like to retreat to the country to relax.
After all he is still a schoolboy.
After all, it is a waste of time to go over ground that has already been covered thoroughly.
After being insulted like that, my blood is really up!
After having pointedly warned Baghdad not to use poison gas or combat aircraft anywhere in Iraq, warnings that had encouraged the rebellion, Mr.Bush pulled up short when Iraq continued to fly combat helicopters against the insurgents.
After he was arrested, the man admitted hiding in the box before the plane left London.
After his heart attack, uncle was advised to refrain from sex for several weeks.
After liberation, we rooted out a number of counter-revolutionaries.
After making a full confession, she felt purged of any sense of sin.
After much applause the audience went home.
After much toe and fro we get all the children back to their home.
After she wrote the melody, she asked us for criticisms.
After some discussion we arrive at a compromise.
After subtracting food and energy costs, which can vary widely each month, the Producer Price Index for Finished Goods still rose at a moderately fast clip of four-tenths of1 percent, compared with a two-tenth rises in April.
After talking together, they threw out several good ideas.
After that the road falls away to the city.
After the accident with my new car, I was￡500 out of pocket.
After the congress, the secretariat moved from Shanghai to Beijing.
After the scandal, he have to send in his papers.
After the tournament, they played three friendly matches.
After these dry days, everyone hopes for rain.
After trying for weeks to close the deal we finally brought it to pass.
After walking through the field, my boots were caked with mud.
After working abroad for several years, Gill wants to settle down to a permanent job in Britain.
After you!
Ah, here's our food.
Aim at one bird, don't blaze into the brown.
Air is a mixture, not a compound of gases.
Al causes operated to bring about the war.
Alcohol acts on the brain.
Alfred was a devil-may-care youth but became more serious as he grew older.
Alice would play the devil with me for my stupidity.
All but my auntie have had lunch.
All educationalists agree that the child is the father of the man.
All foreign visitors must register with the state official on entering the country.
All hell breaks loose when his wife discovers he is fooling around with another woman.
All his attempts to unlock the door were futile, because he was using the wrong key.
All his life he strove for the good of the people.
All hope of improvement has been snatched away by the sudden worsening of her condition.
All night we hear the drip drip drip of the rain.
All of the recent Rodgers and Hammerstein productions have been smash hits.
All of us cried when our house went under the hammer.
All our electric motors are guaranteed for one year; in the event of mechanical failure, the makers will replace any faulty part free.
All passengers change here for Hangzhou.
All questions of cost will be remitted to the officer In charge of the accounts.
All right, I'll order the same.
All the First Families in the States were related.
All the arrangements have been set up for the journalists to meet the chairman.
All the catalogues are in alphabetical order by author, title, and subject.
All the country hated the king.
All the evidence I have collected boils down to the fact that he is a shop lifter.
All the furniture has been disposed of.
All the guests rose from the table to drink the health of the happy couple.
All the seat-covers on the train had been torn by vandals.
All the streets were decked with flags to celebrate the victory.
All the time he was boasting about his adventures, Celia was gazing at him with her big round eyes as much as to say"What a wonderful man you are! "
All the woodpeckers have scansorial feet.
All their defences were beaten down by the tanks.
All these fact have borne out the hypothesis.
All they done is they are in bikini to show the beauty of their body from different angles.
All want to stress is this.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All-dimensional, multitiered and wide-ranging opening pattern
Allow me to introduce my self.
Allowed up to two hours to finish the test.
Almost any kind of a shelter sufficed for the man who came to make his stake and leave again.
Along with the increase of age, then people do not like the illusion.
Although he may be troubled, he always presents a calm smiling face.
Although her father is in the firm she got the job on her own.
Although our joking was all in fun, Joe took it to heart.
Although she was still ill, she discharged herself from hospital.
Although the surgeon was directly responsible for performing the heart transplant operation, all the theatre staff had a hand is its success.
Although we call him nobody home, he is very smart.
Always a clever diplomatist, he played off one potential enemy of his country against another, and so kept them divided.
American humor is founded largely on hyperbole.
Among so many distinguished people, she felt quite out of it.
Amy asks whether his friend will be at home.
An Australian-administered island in the eastern Indian Ocean south of Java. It was annexed by Great Britain in1888 and came under Australian sovereignty in1958.
An Irish woman vowed that no man should have her daughter as wife who hadn't his cake baked.
An abnormal fear of the number13.
An aborted organism.
An act of giving aid; help.
An act or event that provokes or is used to justify war.
An active member of a club.
An actor's foray into politics.
An address that usually tells a processor to use a service routine.
An admirer or a disciple of Richard Wagner.
An adventurer who engages in a private military action in a foreign country.
An agreement signed by a child is void.
An airplane built to fly vertically as well as forward.
An all night television special on the election
An alloy of iron and silicon used in the production of carbon steel.
An ambitious politician, guided by expediency rather than principle.
An amount paid or required in payment for a purchase; a price.
An ancient Persian unit of distance, usually estimated at3.5 miles(5.6 kilometers).
An apartment on one floor of a building.
An apparent advantage.
An apt student.
An area containing abundant deposits of gold or gold ore.
An area or a region distinguished from adjacent parts by a distinctive feature or characteristic.
An arena where contests and spectacles are held.
An arrangement made from a series of melodies, often from various sources.
An assembly line turning out cars.
An association of farmers founded in the United States in1867.
An astronaut will attempt to leave the stationary spaceship and then return to it.
An attachment for a lathe consisting of a rotating cylindrical block holding various cutting tools.
An attempt to seize control of a company, as by acquiring a majority of its stock.
An auspicious time to ask for a raise in salary.
An authorization to a debtor, such as a bank or nation, permitting temporary suspension of payments.
An earnest request or petition; a plea.
An eccentric person, especially one who is unduly zealous.
An educated manner.
An ego that crumbles under pressure.
An electrical relay used to control the flow of power in a circuit.
An element forming stable compounds
An eloquent speaker; an eloquent sermon.
An engineer trained in highway construction; worked in construction for seven years.
An entertainment routine given regularly by a performer; an act.
An equation or inequality relating the variables in an optimization problem.
An escape from jail.
An establishment that provides lodging and usually meals and other services for travelers and other paying guests.
An evening with them was an evening spent taking part in a conversation that was seasoned with wit.
An exact amount or number.
An expiration, especially of a contract or an agreement.
An expression of farewell.
An extended telescope.
An extramarital affair.
An eye-catching dress.
An hourglass design; an hourglass figure.
An identification record for a tape or disk file.
An important personage.
An impulsive change of mind.
An inclination or a habit.
An increase in salary.
An independent country that is very small in area and population.
An indistinct pattern; indistinct shapes in the gloom.
An inert substance used to dilute.
An innate, acquired, or induced inability to develop a normal immune response.
An insect stung me.
An instance of misfortune; a mishap.
An instruction sequence in programmed instruction.
An instrument for measuring or testing.
An instrument that converts sound waves into an electric current, usually fed into an amplifier, a recorder, or a broadcast transmitter.
An instrument used to measure the rotation of the plane of polarization of polarized light passing through an optical structure or sample.
An investor who makes decisions that contradict prevailing wisdom, as in buying securities that are unpopular at the time.
An iron shaft with claws at one end, usually thrown by a rope and used for grasping and holding, especially one for drawing and holding an enemy ship alongside.
An island of the Netherlands Antilles in the Caribbean Sea off the northern coast of Venezuela. Tourism is important to its economy.
An item that catalogs for200 dollars.
An object of the affections.
An objective critic.
An obstacle composed of barbed wire or spikes attached to a wooden frame, used to block enemy advancement.
An offside motion or play.
An old Air Force war horse is getting a new assignment.
An old man.
An old, rickety vehicle, especially a decrepit automobile or aircraft.
An open excavation or pit from which stone is obtained by digging, cutting, or blasting.
An open-air stadium with an oval course for horse and chariot races in ancient Greece and Rome.
An operable cancer.
An organism that lives in, on, or near the water.
An oriental ruby.
An ornamental looped braid or cord with a button or knot for fastening the front of a garment.
An outer layer or coating applied to a surface for protection or decoration.
An overcast stitch or seam.
An ugly scene developed in the crowd when a group of boys started fighting.
An unbred mare.
An unincorporated community of eastern Washington, a residential suburb of Spokane. Population, 22,326.
An unknown artist.
An unpleasant sensation occurring in varying degrees of severity as a consequence of injury, disease, or emotional disorder.
An unsettled issue.
An untoward incident.
An upper or ruling class.
An upward leap made by a trained horse without going forward and with the hind legs kicked out.
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us.
And if you have a situation like that, everyone always says"Can you lend a hand?" or"Can you give a hand?" or"We need helping hands."
And light is thy fame:
And of course it is your experience in Indonesia that inspired your film eastern moon.
And so we need military strength, we need economic strength, we also need the right diplomatic policies.
And that's John's mum, of course. I'd almost forgotten her. She's been a good friend to us, if you like.
And the same to you! How dare you call me that!
And you can take the smile off your faces or I'll take them off for you!
And, splash! He found himself head over ears in deep water.
Anger blazed out of her eyes.
Anguished victims of the earthquake; anguished screams for help.
Ann asked her aunt to do up her skirts and blouses.
Ann: Look, Harry! That policeman's waving to you. He wants you to stop.
Annual rent:￡8, 500, premium:￡25, 000.
Anxiety brooded above the town.
Any chance?
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it.
Any instruction in a computer program, in a routine, or in a subroutine after the execution of which control is no longer exercised by that computer program, that routine, or that subroutine.
Any of a breed of gray or black draft horse originally used in France for drawing artillery and heavy coaches but now bred in other countries for general purposes.
Any of a group of colors reddish in hue, of medium to high lightness, and of low to moderate saturation.
Any of numerous plant diseases resulting in sudden conspicuous wilting and dying of affected parts, especially young, growing tissues.
Any of the languages of the aboriginal peoples of Australia.
Any of the speech sounds represented by the letter i.
Any of various alloys of mercury with other metals, as with tin or silver.
Any of various diseases characterized by abnormally high body temperature.
Any of various hydrocarbon pesticides, such as DDT, that contain chlorine.
Any of various poisonous fish related to the puffers that are used as food, especially in Japan, after the poisonous skin and organs have been removed.
Any of various slender, narrow-winged hawks of the genus Circus, such as the marsh hawk, that prey on small animals.
Any two places or regions that are on diametrically opposite sides of the earth.
Anybody who did anything in America up to1900 was liable to be made into a film... on the grounds of being a pioneer.
Anyone else would refuse the additional work, but it's all grist to her mill, because she wants to get ahead in her job.
Anyone who violates law and discipline must firmly be slapped down.
Anything is ok.
Anyway, you and I cannot crystal-ball it from here.
Apparel make the man.
Apprentice
Aquatic animals that live in the substrate of a body of water, especially in a soft sea bottom.
Are artists who work in advertising selling themselves?
Are the toys safe for small children?
Are they alike at all?
Are we to meet again tonight?
Are you acting a part, or are you really ignorant of the rumor?
Are you happier today?
Are you keen on pizza?
Are you please pass the salt?
Are you ready for your breakfast?
Are you studying here?
Are you sure you want me back?
Are you waiting for anybody?
Around one in the morning the sirens went off.
Arrangement of artistic parts so as to form a unified whole.
Arrogant or proud; conceited.
Artful contrivance; cunning.
Articulate your words so that we can understand what you are saying.
As I am the only son in the family, my parents have paid great attention to my education.
As I see it, meeting people are very important in modern life.
As a professional painter, she scorn the effort of amateur.
As a result the office force has been considerably shaken up.
As a student, he took an evening job to keep the wolf from the door.
As an actress, she is perfection itself.
As can be seen, Shanghai has being changed greatly in recent years.
As everybody can see, what the rumour mongers say is merely patched up stories.
As far as I'm concerned, that's not enough vacation. We should get at least three weeks.
As her private secretary he have access to all her correspondence.
As it came raining again, they struck for home.
As long as you've paid in advance we won't charge you for delivery.
As often as not he forgets his homework.
As reference we wish to give the following who have kindly agreed to give any information you may desire.
As she bent forward, her fine black hair fell over her cheek.
As song and dance dramas go, this one is no great shakes.
As soon as the sediment starts creeping up the shoulder of the bottle, stop pouring. You should now have a glass of star-bright beer with a head(of foam) that stands proud of the glass but does not overflow.
As soon as they saw the police, they dashed off.
As soon as you get to the assembly point send up a red flare.
As the boat came near to shore, we saw who was in it.
As the day approached, he felt himself growing restless and uneasy.
As the hillside was covered with snow, we had to walk up carefully.
As the new academic year is rapidly approaching, I am most eager to hear from you concerning this problem.
As time went by and the old man became mellow, the fury went out of his parliamentary speeches.
As usual, Tommy forgot to make his bed before he went out to play.
As we expect to receive three large sum within the next few day, we will send you some money by monday at the latest.
As we turned the corner the village green came into view.
As world travel increases, nation have to learn from each other.
As you know, there is keen competition in this project.
As you travel westward, does the land get higher or lower?
Asking about age
Asking somebody's name
Assets and property considered in terms of monetary value; wealth.
Associated with or relating to great pain, especially the agony of death.
Astonishment, awe, or surprise.
At a period or moment in the past.
At another time; later.
At first the situation seemed to be hopeless, but then everything turned in the defendant's favor.
At heart she still preferred her former way of life.
At last I am quit of her.
At last he touched down on the mainland.
At last the frightened witness opened up and told the truth.
At last they came to a mountain village and sat down.
At last, he found out what was about East.
At present a great deal of research is being carried out to find a cure for AIDS.
At station price
At that point, the road opens out and becomes a dual carriageway.
At the Health Farm they guarantee to take off at least5 kilos in one course of treatment.
At the beginning he would always hand out an outline of the lecture.
At the end of his talk the visitor spent ten minutes replying to questions put to him by the audience.
At the end of the six-hour flight, I couldn't get my feet into my shoes as they had swollen so much.
At the party, we all drank a health to our teacher.
At the same time; at once.
At the stock market your broker will inquire of other broker if they know of anyone who would like to sell the stock that you want to purchase.
At this age, you should be able to subtract one fraction from another.
At this stage, I will take anything.
At times he does his school work very well; at other times he does it very poorly.
At what time shall we arrive at sapporo if we take this plane.
Attractive gardens fronted the houses.
Aunt Joan was a fairy godmother to our family when mother was ill; she came and cleaned the house and did all the cooking.
Australia is so kind that, just tickles her with a hoe, and she laughs with a harvest.
Authorization granted to someone to sell or distribute a company's goods or services in a certain area.
Autumn crops promised to be equally good.
Avoid any man who deals in micrograms, for he's up to no good.
Away from the correct path or direction.
Bah! There is no Santa Claus.
Balloons have no engine to drive them against the wind.
Bang! went the gun.
Banked earth along the wall.
Barbara welcome me with a smile.
Barry is the new news hawk at the local newspaper.
Based on or concerned with events in history.
Be booted out as chief
Be careful in that shop—they have a habit of short changing you.
Be careful of your health.
Be careful with those delicate plates.
Be careful, you have pass a policeman.
Be concerned in sth.
Be fish on the menu today?
Be it ok?
Be kind to old people.
Be my English clear enough for you?
Be off with the old, on with the new.
Be pleasant to each other just this once.
Be quiet, please.
Be she go to accept it?
Be the green grass above me
Be the zoo the next stop?
Be there an apple in the box?
Be there any other way of get to guangzhou from hong kong?
Be there no escape from the ubiquitous cigarette smoke in restaurant
Be they reporter?
Be this pen yours or mine?
Be you feeling well?
Be you here on business?
Be you plan to translate the novel?
Be you sure you do not mind?
Be your wife ill?
Bearing male and female flowers.
Beat the mixture to the consistency of soft butter.
Because of my heavy cold, I wonder if I can postpone my appointment till some other time.
Because of the severe snowstorm, we had to stay over in a hotel that night.
Because the criticism came men of standing in the community, the council acted quickly.
Becoming swollen; swelling.
Beethoven's symphony is unique in music.
Before I pass sentence on you, have you anything to say for yourself?
Before fixing our price, we have to know what your service charges will be.
Before they repair the car, nail them down to a price.
Before we make detailed plan, we need some more fact and figures.
Beg pardon?
Beginning with the Nanchang Uprising, the Party led a series of armed struggles.
Behavior that really threw me.
Being a husband is a whole- time job. That is why so many husbands fail. They cannot give their entire attention to it.
Being an original from which copies are made.
Being one of these additional syllables.
Being something that should have occurred earlier.
Being without boundaries or limits; infinite.
Belief that a particular cause or movement is destined to triumph or save the world.
Believing in or based on the doctrine of predestination.
Belonging to or befitting a man.
Ben told Toby that he could run faster than the school champion, and Toby told Ben to put up or shut up.
Better dead, I say, than suffering like that.
Better poor with honor than rich with shame.
Betty Morgan got a fur coat from her sugar daddy.
Between two evils it's not worth choosing.
Beware of mistakes.
Beyond the coral reef the open sea is dark blue.
Bidder shall have the right to refuse to grant such an extension of validity of bid without forfeit their bid bond.
Bill often goes off halfcocked.
Bill took up art while at school.
Bill's father threatened to take a stick to him if he ever lied to him again.
Billy will bring sandwiches, Alice will bring potato chips, and last but not the hast Phil will bring the lemonade.
Birds mate in spring.
Bits of smoke began to feather out from the top of the hill.
Black person who associates with and is eager to please white people
Blunder out a secret
Bob and Peter soon fell at odds.
Bob is no longer the same young man as he was ten years ago.
Bob redeemed his character by hard work and honesty.
Bob was kind of tired when he finished the job.
Bob, you should learn from you brother. He's found a part-time job already.
Boil the liquid down
Both like to smoke.
Both of us all are not student.
Both teams displayed first-rate technique and a fine spirit.
Bother, my gloves are missing.
Boutique clothes; boutique food.
Boyish ambitions, hopes, enthusiasm
Branches whipped against the windows.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Bright prospects were dangled before him.
Bring in a bill to improve road safety
Bring out a new book.
Bringing death or disaster; fatal.
British astronomer, physicist, and mathematician noted for his work on the kinetic theory of gases and his investigations into the relationships between mathematical concepts and the natural world.
British mathematician, astronomer, and physicist who was an early exponent of the theory of relativity and conducted research on the evolution, structure, and motion of stars.
Brushing the enemy aside, we swept into the next town.
Buffer storage
Building or district full of narrow winding passages
Bullshit!
Buried her face in the pillow; buried the secret deep within himself.
Burst out laughing; burst into tears.
Bush had a natural bent for mathematics and was a theoretical rather than an experimental scientist by aptitude.
But I have a few errand to run first.
But I was enormously relieved upon examining"Tiny Two" to find he was absolutely, perfectly, wonderfully normal and healthy.
But above all, if he has St. Paul's perfection, that he would wish to be anathema from Christ, for the salvation of his brethren, it shows much of a divine nature, and a kind of conformity with Christ himself.
But can our host tell us something about the welfare of the worker?
But for electricity, there will be no modern industry.
But for your help, I couldn't have succeeded.
But how about a man who preaches liberation and yet when his daughters are seeking marriage partners, can show himself the very caricature of the heavy Victorian father?
But our shortcomings must also be noted.
But she was worked to death.
But that you have seen me in the water, I will have drowned.
But the harsh words of the father in a drunken moment of excessive ancestral pride cause a dignified departure with the conciliatory donation of half her means of subsistence and the intimation that she is rejoining her husband.
But then, here lies the rub. The Halcyon frigate is expected here in these parts immediately; when she hears of you she will be at you…
But they are highly competitive when you take quality into consideration.
But two of the most famous writers of advice are women without special training for this kind of work.
Buyer less interested after our previous sale.
Buying offer
By a miscarriage of justice the wrong man was condemned.
By all means, do take it.
By buying ten books every month, he soon accumulated a good library.
By dint of much trying he finally achieved his object.
By her sweetness Ivy managed to survive the drawn-out brutality.
By sheer coincidence Mary is there too.
By that time they should have fetched up in Qingdao.
By the end of the race bob have lap jimmy.
By the time he is ten, he has outgrown his older brother.
By the time you got there it will be dark.
By the way, must we guarantee in any way our participation in the tender?
By this post we send you a sample representing the bulk of your order now in hand.
Call a loan.
Call me immediately if anything urgent crops up there.
Called me at nine.
Camels browse on trees as well as on ground cover.
Can I ask you if you if you will agree(that) classical music be more thoughtful.
Can I break my journey at Hawaii?
Can I dial direct?
Can I leave my baggage here till noon?
Can I put my baggage here?
Can I see your boarding pass?
Can I take your measurements?
Can Mary bed down with her sister?
Can he take the car out whenever he likes?
Can not really see how I can give it to you.
Can we predicate of a dog that it has a soul?
Can you afford￡35000 for a house?
Can you believe it?
Can you cash this postal order for me?
Can you connect me with Los Angeles, please?
Can you develop this film for us?
Can you drive the car between those narrow walls?
Can you give me a price list with specification?
Can you give me the relevant papers?
Can you hang on while I go for some water?
Can you help me work this lid off?
Can you just take this?
Can you let me take this much?
Can you make us a special offer for the purpose of introducing your products to our market?
Can you read the signs?
Can you recommend some good wine?
Can you see it now?
Can you show me some skirt?
Can you span an octave on the piano?
Can you stand a coin up on its edge?
Can you take5 pounds off the price?
Can you work out this word?
Can't we start all over again?
Can't you manage to screw a bit extra out of your parents?
Canada has many immigrants from Europe.
Cancer cut his life off in its bloom.
Capable of being corrected, reformed, or improved.
Capable of functioning under varying environmental conditions. Used of certain organisms, such as bacteria that can live with or without oxygen.
Career diplomats; a career criminal.
Carelessness is at the bottom of all great mistakes.
Carl was a man with a chip on his shoulder. Everyone seemed in a conspiracy to slight or injure him.
Carried the idea farther.
Carrying the bags upstairs is half the battle. Then we only have to unpack them.
Carver, who was black, was born in Missouri in1864.
Cassette recorder is not allowed in the concert.
Causing disgust or shock; horrifying.
Causing or deserving laughter or derision.
Cautious or dilatory, as in taking action.
Cerebral palsy is a terrible disabler.
Certainly something to look forward to.
Certainly. And we are sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
Chairman refused to commit himself on the controversial subject before making due investigations.
Characterized by careful thought; deliberate.
Characterized by heavy rainfall; rainy.
Characterized by or inclined to coercion.
Characterized by shedding.
Charge over the changing assets( such as debt or stock) of a business, as opposed to a fix charge
Charles can't leave early in his new job;he has to ring out.
Charles started reading when hi was knee-high to a grasshopper.
Cheer up, man. Things are not as bad as you think.
Chelsea and Manchester are two of the top teams in Britain.
Cheque mutilate
Child's mother kissed his tears away.
Children are making great efforts work.
Children delight in surprises.
Children like seeing the color television.
China overseas trading company ltd.
Chinese is my native language.
Chocolate egg is traditionally eat on Easter day.
Choose this button to connect to a network location, assign it a new drive letter
Christians believe in Jesus.
Christmas party
Cindy is small and just comes up to my chest.
Clean energy
Clear the coastal waters of mines
Clearly, a refrigerator, which is a physical system must obey not only the first law(energy conservation) but the second law of thermodynamics as well.
Clinging bits of fiber and fluff; fuzz.
Close attention; close supervision.
Closest to the functional group of atoms in an organic molecule.
Clothing and other equipment for a newborn child.
Cold is the privation of heat.
Colin, what are we going to do tonight?
Colloquial style or quality.
Combined into one united body; merged.
Come along, or else we shall be late.
Come and see our range of gardening tools.
Come away with your uncle tomorrow.
Come on, get your skates on or we'll be late.
Come on, we'll be late for the theatre.
Come quick; something terrible has happened!
Come to think of it, Xiao Lin promised to telephone me about this time.
Come whenever it suits you.
Coming before in place or order; foregoing.
Commercial Bill
Compassion often engenders love.
Competitor here active which report reflect business your side ascertain what cause.
Complete sth unpleasant but necessary
Composed of a variety of substances.
Computer Technician
Computers could be plugged into a national network and be used like radios.
Comrade Yu will explain the matter to you.
Confined to inland waters, as certain salmon.
Confusion betrays the guilty.
Congress is empowered by the Constitution to make laws.
Consciousness returned gradually.
Considered separately from all others of the same class.
Consisting of a thousandth.
Consisting of or relating to two names or terms.
Containing or implying calumny; slanderous or defamatory.
Contemporary reports of past events are often more interesting than the modern writer's view of them.
Continue with sth to the end, despite difficulty or unpleasantness
Contract sales
Contrary to nature, reason, or common sense; absurd.
Conventional outward signs of grief for the dead, such as a black armband or black clothes.
Cook in the oven for one- hour regal6.
Could I ask for your reaction to this policy?
Could be in the Labor Park.
Could you also get your flash-attachment? Mine is broken.
Could you find her a seat, please?
Could you let me know sometime tonight?
Could you put me on to a good accountant?
Could you tell me where Ever-spring Street is?
Court Officer
Cover over a hole in a roof
Covered with knots or knobs; gnarled.
Cowboys spend most of their time out of doors.
Crane Factory
Credit bureau
Cricket is a minority sport in the US.
Crowds turned out for the procession.
Cubic meter
Cup and dish belong to pottery Lei.
Current account
Custom hedged her in and made her helpless.
Cut a check to cover travel expenses.
Cut from
Dad opened the door and the cat shot in, with the dog after it.
Daisy blew these things into Dianna's ears.
Damn! now why do he hate it so much?
Dancing is a total bore/drag.
Dangerous rocks shut up the passage.
Dark and somber.
Darkness was falling fast.
David produced a diamond ring and asked Dawn if they could name the day.
David, have I introduce you to Mrs. Pauline Strait?
Day follow even on the winter night.
De you think these little trees will put froth before long?
Deal with a man as he deals with you.
Death is inevitable.
Debate with
Deeds, not words.
Defeat and failure make people humble.
Deficient in or lacking blood.
Deliberate breach of faith; calculated violation of trust; treachery.
Delivery can be made free on board and your order dispatched within24 hours.
Democracy substitute election by the incompetent many for appointment by corrupt few.
Dentist
Design, construction, and use of machinery or mechanical structures.
Designed for combat or defense against armored vehicles, especially tanks.
Despair of
Despite her professional success, she is always overshadow by her husband.
Despite the hardness of his bed, he is soon sleeping soundly.
Destroying or inhibiting the growth and reproduction of human or animal parasites.
Detective hunting the gang is put on to them by an anonymous telephone call.
Diamond cut diamond.
Dick excels all his classmates in mathematics.
Dick started to apologize and George, who has had much practice in these matters, let him down easy.
Dickens read extracts from his novels before audience in the theatre.
Did a burglar break into your house last night?
Did he fall on a bad setback?
Did she fall for the suggestion?
Did you get a good trade-in on your sewing machine?
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?
Did you hear yesterday's news?
Did you measure the distance?
Did you really feel ill this morning?
Did you sleep well last night?
Did your teacher have much to say about your being late for class again?
Digging the canal was a Herculean task.
Dip into an author
Direct one's/someone's attention to
Dirt breed disease.
Discharge or waste, such as pus or feces, from a living organism.
Discovery or determination of facts or accurate information.
Disguise as
Distant from a center of activity; remote.
Diverge to
Dividing into elemental parts or basic principles.
Do I have to change?
Do I want what?
Do as you will be done by.
Do call round when you have the time. We are at home most evenings.
Do it up. It'll be good for you.
Do nor for one repulse, for go the purpose that you resolved to effort.-- Shakespeare
Do not bother me.
Do not forget the small bag. denise.
Do not gum up the work by telling mother what we are going to do.
Do not keep your socks on if they get wet.
Do not minimize the risk involve.
Do not worry. I'll tell you when we go there.
Do not you think the section chief's desk is unusually clean?
Do she bring you any fruit?
Do something that will appeal to you more.
Do the boy's mother buy a pair of shoes for him?
Do there used to be a map on that wall?
Do they teach english?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you confide in our ability to do this work?
Do you enjoy the play?
Do you feel like ham and eggs?
Do you get along well with your aunt?
Do you go to the market every day?
Do you have a computer?
Do you have glue? I need some here.
Do you have the slightest notion of what this means?
Do you hold with nudity on the stage?
Do you know any of those people over there?
Do you know how to log in to the system?
Do you know the essays of Francis Bacon, who lived about the same time as Shakespeare?
Do you know their telephone number?
Do you like playing basketball?
Do you like this brand of tea?
Do you manage to see the head buyer?
Do you meet many men?
Do you mind my smoking here?
Do you object to my closing the window?
Do you prefer coffee or tea?
Do you smoke?
Do you stay in bed late last sunday?
Do you teach english here?
Do you think a cleaning job appeal to you?
Do you think life is a sequence of agreeable events?
Do you think the crops will turn out well?
Do you think this jelly's firm enough to eat yet?
Do you want these English books?
Do you wish to insure it?
Doctor Jones can fit you in on Thursday afternoon.
Doctors do their best to treat the sick, but they can't perform miracles.
Documents which have to been put in order.
Does ballet appeal to you?
Does it matter to you what people say?
Doesn't anyone know the plan?
Dogs straining at the lead
Dominance by location; extent of view.
Don't always leave your pen about or you will lose it one day.
Don't ask me such complicated questions.
Don't be above yourself. You still have a long way to go.
Don't be off guard! You mustn't tell anything to him.
Don't blame on him, after all, he is a green hand.
Don't bother to wipe up the dishes, just put them on the table.
Don't burst a blood vessel!
Don't come down too hard on her.
Don't copy Jackson's ideas, the realism he uses has been worked to death many times and is no longer interesting.
Don't cut in while I am talking.
Don't despair; things will get better soon!
Don't forget to do it. Please remember!
Don't forget we're going to the exhibition this afternoon.
Don't get angry, I said it just in fun.
Don't get up please.
Don't give up hope;keep on trying.
Don't go out in the wet.
Don't hang about--we have a train to catch!
Don't keep your hat on in class.
Don't laze away your time.
Don't let all this good food go to waste!
Don't let it get out that he's coming.
Don't let the dog out of the garden or he'll get run over.
Don't let your mind wander from the main point as issue.
Don't loaf your life away.
Don't move or I'll riddle you with bullets!
Don't open it till your birthday.
Don't plaster the paint on(the wall), spread it thinly.
Don't poke into my private affairs.
Don't pull the chicken switch, unless absolutely necessary.
Don't put your house on the market in the winter, when sales are slow.
Don't rely on his memory he's a bit of a dreamer.
Don't spend so much money doesn't grow on trees, you know.
Don't stand talking at the gate, Bruce. Invite your friend in.
Don't stint yourself; take all you want.
Don't take it so seriously.
Don't talk back to me!
Don't tell the director how you ruined the job, or he'll go through the roof.
Don't throw your bus ticket away--the inspector may want to see it.
Don't wait for us to join you at the table; just dive in.
Don't whip in while others are talking.
Don't worry about me. Just carry on.
Don't worry if you can't get all the paint off, I'll soon put it right with this special solvent.
Don't worry, you still have a little time.
Don't worry. Things will come out all right in the wash.
Don't you care about anybody?
Douglas put away Collins in cold blood.
Doyle was passed over for promotion.
Drain into
Draw a straight line on the paper.
Draw the curtain aside.
Drawn or operated by a horse.
Dress however you like.
Driving in Taipei is quite impossible nowadays.
Drop everything and help.
Drove like mad.
Dry bread at home is better than roast meat abroad.
Ducks go"quack".
Dull and uninteresting.
During an epidemic of influenza the air in trains and buses quickly becomes infected with germs.
During the war, many of our villages and towns were burnt down by the invaders.
Dusk was falling as he hurried back.
Dusted off last year's winter coat.
Dyed the whole carton of eggs.
Each day is a holiday, and ordinary holidays when they come are grudged as enforced interruptions in an absorbing vocation.
Each of the apartment have its own garage.
Each passenger on; he's overweight for take-off as it is.
Earthly delights; one's earthly possessions.
Easily approached or entered.
Easily resuming original shape after being stretched or expanded; flexible.
Eat european( japanese, korean, russian, guangdong, sichuan) food
Economic depression often follows war.
Edge your chair a little.
Educated people considered as a group; the literati.
Either of the two elevated goals, each consisting of a metal hoop from which an open-bottomed circular net is suspended.
Either of two points marking the end of a line segment.
Either you or Master Li has repaired the meter.
Electric charges work when they move.
Elephants strip the leaves from trees.
Elizabeth, however, is more than adequate to the challenge.
Embezzlement
Enclosed is our new Quotation No. ______ in lieu of the previous one.
Enclosed you will find the account of the premium, for which I have debited your account,￡40.00.
Endure an Arctic winter.
Enforced removal from one's native country.
England are playing France at football tomorrow.
England trades with China.
English differs greatly from Spanish in pronunciation.
Enthusiasts had been talking up the game.
Environmental problems that touch us all.
Equality of mass and net electric charge of reacting species on each side of an equation.
Erased a file from the diskette.
Errors will slip in.
Estimated time of arrival.
Evasive or vague speech or writing.
Even now when I think about it I feel pain in my heart.
Even the experts took it for a genuine antique.
Even though I take medicine, I feel worse than I do yesterday.
Even when you argue, you should try to keep cool.
Events went against them.
Ever since our quarrel last month we have not been on speaking terms.
Every boy loves their school.
Every man has his faults.
Every man wants a woman to appeal to his better side, his nobler instincts and his higher nature—and another woman to help him forget them.
Every morning he travelled many miles to make investigations.
Every one does not know.
Every purchaser of a pound of coffee received a box of cookies as a bonus.
Every spring they shear off the sheep's wool and sell it.
Every time I block a hole in the fence to keep the dog in he gets out somewhere else-I just can't win.
Everybody enjoyed himself ever so at the evening party.
Everybody knows that story. It's as old as the hills.
Everybody that was not invited was as mad as a wet hen.
Everyone began pressing him for more details.
Everyone has someone worth fighting for.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion.
Everyone on board saw the bright spheres and everyone thought it was"UFO"-Unidentified Flying Object.
Everything in the kitchen is in good order.
Everything new is fine.
Everything was just fine until Fred came along and fouled things up.
Everything you saw would become dear to you.
Evidence based on the reports of others rather than the personal knowledge of a witness and therefore generally not admissible as testimony.
Ex Factory
Examination of a dead person to see what is the cause of death.
Exclusiveness is a characteristic of recent riches, high society, and the skunk.
Excuse me, I must just see how much those Scottish kilts cost.
Excuse me, can you tell me how I can get to the library?
Excuse me, is there a bus stop near by?
Excuse me. Back in a tick.
Excuse me. I'll be right back.
Executed or drawn up by a notary public.
Expand on a favorite topic.
Expenditure raced up and up to an unprecedented level.
Experienced travelers strap in without waiting to be asked.
Explain yourself! Why did you insult him?
Export trade was falling off.
Expressing a grammatical category by using two or more words instead of an inflected form.
Extended the radio antenna.
Eyes not accustomed to desert sun.
Faced with two equally undesirable alternatives.
Factory chimneys, showered smooth ore the district.
Faded and dull in appearance.
Failure spells death.
Fair to middling, thanks.
Fall back on old friends in time of need.
Fanned the wet paint to hasten drying.
Far from being honest, he is a big crook.
Farewell! I hope we meet again soon.
Farmers usually keep chickens in their backyard.
Fasten on a notion.
Father
Father gave me a book.
Fear crept into her mind.
Feared the withdrawal of his parents' permission.
Feed cattle off for the market.
Feel one's way in a new job.
Feeling or inclined to feel anxiety or apprehension; timid; nervous.
Felt big with love.
Ferryboats ply across the English Channel.
Fifty-first
File left!
Fill in your answer in capital letter, not small letter.
Filled with or expressing grief; mournful.
Finally Aunt May stood up and said."I will not sell the house. Good evening. Mr. Flynn."
Finally she overcame these fears.
Finally they hit upon a strategy.
Fine, thank you, and you?
Fingerprints linked the suspect to the crime.
Fire a ball at a batter.
Fires swept through the outskirts, where the houses, being mostly of wood, were razed to the ground.
First brown the meat in hot fat.
First of all let me say how glad I am to be here.
First street right turn/left turn.
Five members were nominated to the committee and eight were elected to it.
Five times as much, as many, or as large.
Fixed the tent poles in the ground.
Flashed on that time we got caught in the storm.
Fleshed out the novel with a subplot.
Fling off a merry tune
Florida court says recounts can continue; Palm Beach poised.
Fold the beaten egg in the flour.
Follow my advice, not my example.
Follow up a lead, clue, rumour
Following the roar, out rushed a tiger among the bushes.
Food is apt to deteriorate in summer.
Fool have fortune.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
For all his efforts, he didn't succeed.
For analog inputs, any absolute voltage value above which the analog-to- digital converter cannot distinguish a change. The overload value can be different for plus and minus inputs.
For eight years she was in fact spying for the enemy.
For further particulars, apply at the following address.
For homework you can write up the rough notes you made in class.
For many of these families a college education was something new.
For most of the day he can still be found working somewhere in the plant.
For such a large order, you will surely quote us closely.
For the cause of revolution, he did not fear to die.
For the first two year, the target sale be10,000 set, and from the third year on, another2,000 set per year.
For the murder of that helpless woman, you shall hang by the neck until you are dead.
For the soul is dead that slumbers,
For this lot, could you consider prompt shipment?
For various reasons, the House and Senate, in their bicentennial year, have gotten off to an even slower start than usual.
Forged into first place with seconds to go.
Forgive for
Forlorn roadside shacks.
Formal sitting
Formerly he often lingered about a park, doing nothing.
Fortunately the pilot bailed out before the plane crashed.
Fortune has not always smiled on him.
Fracture of the leg can be very serious in old people.
Frank beat andrew with close score.
Frank's errancy consisted mostly of pranks.
Fraught with uncertainty or doubt; undecided.
Fred was all hopped up about going over the ocean.
Free from flaws; morally pure
Free of restraints or rules in organization, methods, or procedure.
Frequent failures did not affect his morale.
Friday has been set down for the next meeting.
Friendship multiple joy and divide grieve.
From International Herald Tribune
From all the dresses, Mary finally picked a pink one for the party.
From his manner of speaking I took him to be an Italian.
From our perch up there on top of the cliff we can see the whole town.
From two blocks over he could hear the thin wail.
From1986 to1987 I was teaching English training courses for students in international trade and mass communication.
Froze me with one look.
Fuel economic growth
Full of energy; lively.
Full of or resembling mire; swampy.
Fumble with
Gallivant off
Gang up with a group of unruly youths
Gas up a car; gassed up before the trip.
Gathered the kittens into her arms.
Gave him a crack at the job; took a crack at photography.
Gave us a broad hint to leave.
General White was in command of the army.
Geologist
George has been had up for not paying maintenance to his ex-wife.
George led them back to the right way.
George was a fancy pants.
George, I will make an example of him.
German chemist. He won a1918 Nobel Prize for the synthetic production of ammonia.
German writer who lived in Paris after1831. His romantic poems and social essays are marked by his love for the German land and people and derision for many modern German institutions.
Get me a pillow.
Get off your backside and do some work!
Get out, don't shed crocodile tears to me; you know you are really glad they've met with misfortune.
Get the fall in the background, will you?
Get to the point.
Get586, please.
Gift Store
Give me a break.
Give me a place to stand and I will move the world.
Give me some small note, please.
Give me your version of what happened.
Give my regards to Mary, John and by especial to Grandpa.
Give the baby her bottle; that'll keep her quiet for a while.
Give the speaker a few minute to collect herself and then begin the programme
Giving sufficient time, also we can do it well.
Glass set or made to be set in frames.
Globules of wax fell from the candle.
Go ahead with your story, we are all ears.
Go and help wash up at the sink.
Go away and don't come the old soldier in my pub again.
Go faster, by car or by plane.
Go whither you please.
God blesses me with good health.
God is ashamed when the prosperous boasts of His special favour.
God saved the fool, and did not let them run out, for if it be not for them, wise men can not get a living.
God, I have had it with this job!
Going out for a meal really made a hole in the week's money for food.
Gold reserve
Good highways now link all the major cities and towns in Xizang.
Good morning, David.
Good news goes on crutches.
Good quality jeans are only available on the black market in this city.
Good work deserve good pay.
Good-bye!
Goodbye, denise, we'll miss you.
Gotta go. Check you later.
Government funds and special charges of a tax nature
Grade
Gradually she learned to make a joke of all these hardships.
Grand duchess of Luxembourg. Ascending to the throne in1919, she took her government into exile during the Nazi occupation of Luxembourg and supported her people through regular radio broadcasts. She returned triumphantly in1945 and ruled until1984.
Grandfather spends a lot of time in bed now; mind you, he is93!
Grant to him a certain social success, but/still don't approve of him.
Great, that wrap our discussion up.
Greece was the cradle of Western civilization.
Green vegetation that can serve as cover for deer. Used in English forest law.
Grief was mapped on his face.
Grossly fat, extravagant, unfair, exaggerated
Grouse will soon be in season again.
Growth resulting from increase in cell size without cell division.
Gynaecology is a branch of medicine.
Habitually and carefully neat and clean.
Had a mad time.
Had his back toward me.
Had such calamities occurred in old China, the damage would have been incalculable.
Had we made adequate preparations, we might have succeeded.
Hal used to sing in the cathedral choir until his voice broke.
Hammer at a typewriter
Hand the paintbrush up to Father on the ladder.
Handmade and hence expensive.
Hang on, can we stick with that point about cubism?
Hang your coat on the peg in the hall.
Haply I may remember,
Happening, done, or appearing three times a week.
Hardly had he left the house when the storm broke.
Harmony or agreement of interests or feelings; accord.
Harry claims to be an anarchist but he's really only striking an attitude to be provocative.
Harry was hurt by an allusion to his failure.
Harvested rich rewards.
Has anyone seen the old man this afternoon?
Has he given back the tools he borrowed from you?
Haste does not bring success.
Hatred or mistrust of humankind.
Have a care what you say or you may regret it.
Have a lot of doubt, he can not help asking them question.
Have a smoke?
Have another drink. It'll put hairs on your chest.
Have fun.
Have the train arrive when you get to the station?
Have we enough firewood in for the coming week?
Have you any grey pullovers in stock?
Have you anything to declare? Any wines, perfumes, silks?
Have you been to the exhibition?
Have you completed?
Have you ever been to Rome?
Have you got a free evening next week? If so, let's have dinner.
Have you got the papers there?
Have you hear anything about who's get transferred to where this time?
Have you heard this good one?
Have you make your position clear?
Have you pumped up the bicycle?
Have you read today's newspaper? There is a very good job opportunity.
Haven't seen hide nor hair of them since the argument.
Having a buoyant or self-confident air; brisk.
Having a feeble or unsteady gait; shaky.
Having a liver disorder; bilious.
Having a sharp point or tip.
Having a strong muscular body
Having admiration for his conduct results in her love for him,
Having eyes with greatly distended pupils.
Having great reverence for God; pious.
Having light brown or yellowish skin.
Having made the necessary changes, he was satisfied that he had a team which would collectively handle the task.
Having no clothing on the body; nude.
Having no marked feeling for or against.
Having no residents; not inhabited.
Having or resembling nails or claws.
Having paid off the pawnbroker, I now had my watch out of hock.
Having relatively great height; tall.
Having taken a bath in the raw in a cold mountain stream, we went to a village.
Having the color of ashes; pale.
Having the nature of a fad.
Having the same magnetic inclination or dip.
He absconded from the bank with all the money.
He acknowledged it as true.
He acted his part to miracle.
He addressed her with high compliment.
He admitted to be in the house when the murder took place.
He agonizes over every decision.
He aimed carefully and then let fly at the birds.
He always makes careful note while he is reading.
He always speaks ill of others.
He always undertake more than he can do.
He and Pollitt never saw eye to eye.
He angrily flung up his head.
He answers me shortly.
He applied for work at one of these farms.
He asked for time to think all this over.
He asked me to pep his drink up with something stronger.
He asked the tailor to make over his pants.
He asks me when I'd be free this week.
He assist me with my income tax return.
He ate up Nietzsche and degenerated into a fascist.
He avenged himself on them.
He became a captive to her charms.
He beckoned me to come nearer.
He began his works here at this time last year.
He begins to learn to want anything without difficulty.
He believes his experiment has a sporting chance of success.
He bent the bar back.
He bit the file to English obstinacy and broke his teeth.
He bought four tickets, which was one too many.
He bounced into the room with a springy step.
He branched his treatment of the problem into three equal parts.
He bricked up a wall.
He broke into a cold sweat.
He brood on his failure.
He brought the plane down in a hay-meadow by the river.
He called himself an architect.
He calls to me.
He came down with$300 for the charity organization.
He came into possession of the house.
He came over and examined the picture.
He came to the party, but didn't really enter into the spirit of it.
He can be as sharp as any man when it's a question of business; but duty's another pair of shoes.
He can play many an instrument.
He can scarcely write his own name.
He can swim breaststroke, backstroke and crawl.
He can't be the wanted man.
He can't help; he's too taken up with his own problems.
He can't understand what has got into that child.
He cared nothing for boxing.
He charted out the future of the city.
He choked with rage.
He chucked the empty tins about.
He claims not to care what the critics say, but actually he's as pleased as Punch when one of his books is well received.
He cleverly fenced with the question.
He closed in with his opponent.
He collected a bundle of sticks.
He compare the girl to the moon in the poem.
He concluded not to come.
He considered all possible ways of improvement, running them over swiftly in his mind.
He continued in London.
He cooked the pasta in a large pan of boiling water.
He could have been a great man, but he was corrupted by power.
He could not fully understand these involved scholarly lectures.
He crammed all his clothes into the trunk.
He cries you mercy with all his heart.
He cut a casual figure in a job that paid$30, 000 a month.
He cut his son off without a penny.
He danced her out of the room.
He dashed the cup to the floor.
He decided against going there.
He derives strength from his Christianity.
He desired a college education.
He did a long stretch for attempted murder.
He did it so as not to be caught.
He did not easily mix with others, with the result that on most social occasions he was the old man out.
He did not quite know what to say that would fit the circumstances.
He did off his uniform.
He didn't say anything--he just gave a grunt of agreement.
He didn't want to be tied down to the social work.
He died during the night.
He dipped his pen into the ink.
He discussed it knowingly.
He disputes even the facts.
He divided his time evenly between work and play.
He does not look fifty by any manner of means.
He does the odd job for me from time to time.
He doesn't feel up to the job.
He doesn't mind splashing his money about.
He doesn't usually carry much money on him.
He dragged his tired feet slowly along.
He draw on his cigarette and blow out a stream of smoke.
He drove his car running at the post.
He drove the nail in for fear it would hurt anyone.
He dusted her eyes with beautiful language.
He earns fifty dollars a day.
He edged along the cliff.
He employed a man in a work.
He ended off his talk with a joke.
He explained the background to the claim.
He expresses himself in good clear English.
He failed his driving test five times.
He fall asleep over the book.
He fastened on his sword.
He feel it his duty to help others.
He fell and broke his leg.
He felt he could never express what he was feeling.
He felt miserable about his failure.
He felt that his boss would throw him to the lions if anything went wrong.
He fenced off the blow.
He finally break down under the four-hour's strain.
He find country life preferable to living in the city.
He finds it hard to mix at parties.
He flings his money about on expensive luxuries.
He flung into the room.
He folded his arms and lowered down his head as usual before he was in deep thought.
He forgives easily.
He found a good place in the rocks, more than twelve feet high, with a narrow entrance.
He found the boredom scarcely endurable.
He fumed with rage because she did not appear.
He gave in when he was threatened with torture.
He gave me a sour look.
He gave much attention and thought to bring up his children.
He gave the little boy a clout on the head.
He gave vent to his feelings in an impassioned speech.
He get home late because of the heavy traffic.
He gets a work that gives scope for his abilities.
He glimpsed at my new watch and said it was a good bargain.
He go there to drink a soda and eat a hamburger.
He goes by the name of Smith, but I don't know when he really is.
He got a cropper yesterday while out riding.
He got an application in under the wire.
He got his equipment tangled with the aeroplane in some way, and plunged to his death.
He got injured through his own carelessness.
He grab at the boy, but can not save him from falling.
He grasped me by the arm.
He ground his fist into his opponent's face.
He had a blowout and crashed his car.
He had a hard time holding on to himself.
He had a row with his wife.
He had all his capital locked up in the business.
He had fliers run off and distributed to all the newspapers in the district.
He had his left arm injured trying to save a comrade.
He had lost interest in the football match but decided to see it through.
He had no money and didn't know anyone he could borrow from.
He had nothing to say.
He had proved that he could be relied on in a crisis.
He had the advantage over other boys of being born into a rich family.
He hammered home the points he wanted to convey.
He harangue his fellow student and persuade them to walk out.
He has a big heart.
He has a dual interest in the football team; he's the trainer and his son plays for them.
He has a good memory.
He has a large amount of mail to answer every day.
He has a lot of trouble with his lessons; now he is trying to pull out.
He has already eaten three cakes and is starting on the fourth.
He has an eye to the position.
He has attained full age now.
He has been beforehand with me.
He has been in practice for twenty years.
He has been poking in again trying to find things out.
He has been writing to us off and on for several years.
He has fallen in my estimation.
He has found them to be somewhat lacking in emotional depth; skirting round problems rather than meeting them head on.
He has gone wiggle-waggle and cannot be persuaded to categorical.
He has great power and wealth, but is still unhappy for all that.
He has heard that one is permit a certain latitude with widow, and goes in for the whole180 degrees.
He has instant recall.
He has lined his pockets on the new school contract.
He has no experience at all. I could do his work with my eyes closed.
He has no notion what I mean.
He has not body enough to cover his mind decently; his intellect is improperly exposed.
He has now tasted of failure.
He has picked up some bad habits at that club.
He has put all his money into business.
He has retired on a pension.
He has told a story which sound not objective.
He has very sternly admonished student.
He has written off a description of the terrible event.
He hasn't got over his fatigue yet.
He hated being flattered.
He haunts bars.
He have a habit of sunbathe for two hours a day.
He have more English book than she.
He have on excess of assets over liability.
He have several bottle more than the duty- free allowance and so we charge duty.
He have to go home because of family obligation.
He headed a crowd off from the wrong exit.
He hears badly in one ear.
He held off his departure until his sister had come.
He hold on to my arm with a tenacious grip.
He hooked up a big fish.
He hopped up the motor.
He hurried past me without stopping.
He ignored his wife's plea, to stop picking on his daughter and lifted his hand to settle her whit a blow.
He improved on his previous performance by swimming the distance in less than a minute.
He informed me of your decision.
He is British by birth although he was born in America.
He is a bicycle doctor.
He is a capital knife and fork.
He is a dishonor, to his family.
He is a friend in word as well as in deed.
He is a good sailor.　
He is a lazy devil and keeps his talent in a napkin, with his ability and a little energy he could set the Thames on fire.
He is a persevering student.
He is a proper object of charity.
He is a scholar in name only.
He is a student.
He is a tremendous eater.
He is a woman in tenderness.
He is accredit to the united nation.
He is always smoking.
He is an artist to his fingertips.
He is an intelligent boy, but he is very unsure of himself.
He is apt to retire into himself.
He is ashamed of his behavior.
He is awkward in his gait.
He is bent on winning at all costs.
He is clumsy with tools.
He is considered to be a hypocrite.
He is credited with the invention.
He is delayed because his taxi has an accident.
He is dismissed for neglecting of duty.
He is eager in investigating the cause of the earthquake.
He is eminent among scientists.
He is from Germany.
He is getting on for70.
He is going the pace and his property will soon run out.
He is great on science fiction.
He is heavy on us.
He is ill in bed.
He is in consultation and cannot come to the phone.
He is liberal in his views.
He is looking directly at us.
He is lying on the bed.
He is mild of manner.
He is my one and only friend.
He is no child.
He is none the wiser.
He is not so strong as I.
He is now brought to ruin, but he has seen better days.
He is of a clinging sort.
He is on a lone fun run, nothing to do with the race.
He is one of the leading brains in the country.
He is out in the rain and catches a chill.
He is pensioned off and replaced with a younger man.
He is really a good onion.
He is repugnant to me.
He is sacked after being late for work.
He is seemingly following us.
He is sharp with his children.
He is skipping out of town to get away from the cops.
He is so selfish that he always places himself before his fellows.
He is temperate in eating.
He is the fifth person to ask me the question.
He is the justice of the peace that jug me for a vagrant.
He is the only witness of the accident.
He is the very man I wish to see!
He is thought to be a scholar in the village.
He is too proud now to be seen with his former friends.
He is used to the soft climate of the south.
He is very ill, and is not expect to last the night.
He is waiting for a bus which goes to the zoo.
He is wedded to his own opinion and nothing can change him.
He is without dispute, an honest man.
He is wrestling with his adversary.
He jabbed his fork into meat.
He just sat there, twiddling his fingers.
He keeps an apiary.
He keeps the letter of the law but not the spirit.
He kept banging away at his work day by day, until eventually the project was finished.
He kept on sending me$20 every Christmas long after his debt was paid. That's gratitude for you!
He kicked a goal.
He kissed off their objections with a wave of his hand.
He knows no English, to say nothing of French or German.
He lacks common sense.
He laid off his sweat suit on a bench and went into the shower room.
He later journeyed through the isle of Lemnos whose bold and heartless females, earlier, had slaughtered every male upon the island;
He lay down on the sofa and soon fell asleep.
He leads his class in physics.
He learned technical skills by trial and error.
He left me a small legacy in a nuncupative will, as a token of his kindness to me.
He left when the band began to beat out pop music.
He let me down at the last minute and turned out to be a broken reed.
He lift up his little son, and mounted him on the horse.
He likes architecture.
He likes to be praised.
He likes to read deeply in any subject that he chooses to study.
He lives directly opposite the church.
He lives on the far bank of the river.
He longed to vent on George all the spite he felt against his former associates.
He looked astonished.
He looked at the man with a tranquil eye.
He looked like Nature's error.
He looked suspiciously at everyone who got off the plane.
He loses his balance and fall to the grind.
He lost his balance and measured out his length on the ground.
He lost the use of both legs in the accident.
He loves to have everything his own way.
He made a conservative guess at the population of London.
He made a low bow to the judge.
He made a speech hitting out at racial discrimination.
He made the ice twirl in his glass.
He made up for the part of an old man.
He makes a face at the taste of the soup.
He makes an inspire speech at the meeting.
He makes several business visits to American every year.
He managed to cash in only after overcoming one difficulty after another.
He marched on the stage.
He memorized the sales talk which he hoped would bring in large orders.
He met the foreign friends and gave a banquet in their honour.
He missed the bus and was out of luck because he didn't get to the ball game on time.
He most lives who lives most for others.
He moves in very rarefied circles; his friends are all lords.
He must be raking in￡500 a week!
He must have come this way, here are his footprints.
He needs some time to take the situation in.
He never boasted of his cleverness.
He never does his homework himself, he just copies his brother's.
He never lets anyone come between him and his daily work.
He never remembered having come across a man like that.
He never think what others think about him.
He not only gleans up all the bad comments of other authors, but makes new bad comments of his own.
He often dreams about his days in the countryside.
He often suffers from allergies due to foods that do not agree with him.
He only had six apples.
He opened the newspaper and a terrible news leaped out at him.
He ordered ten cases of beaujolais and twenty cases of muscat.
He originally should help her.
He owed me a huge sum of money. I was given the address of a flat in New York where he was living, but when I got there the bird had flown.
He passed the examination with flying colors.
He pauses a moment at the foot of a tree to take his bearings.
He performed the trick in full view of the whole audience.
He picked a winning number on the first draw.
He picked up the girl at a college disco.
He placed the book on the desk.
He plants the seeds in earth.
He poked his finger in.
He possibly from Jack hears there.
He praised the woman to the skies.
He prefers to go where he can serve the people.
He pretended that he did not mind.
He probed the swelling anxiously with his finger.
He promised to hurry on with the report and send it to us today.
He pushed several other runners to get to the front so it was poetic justice when he tripped and fell.
He put all his redundancy money into a shop.
He put his great foot on the flowerbed.
He put it too sharply.
He put plug in his ear because the noise was too loud.
He put the telephone bill down as a business cost.
He puts me in mind of a comrade in my army unit.
He ran and never had a price.
He ran his eyes down the advertisement.
He ran rather than walked.
He ran up and jumped a long distance.
He raped to it right away.
He reached after fame.
He read the article through twice.
He reeked of alcohol.
He refused to break bread with his old enemy.
He refuses to make up his mind.
He reiterated his position that nuclear weapons can not be used as international bargaining chip.
He remembered a particularly bad patch struck at the beginning of his career.
He repaired his house.
He reported on the whole event to the minister.
He ripped the buttons from the shirt.
He rolled out the words, so that everyone could hear.
He roughed in the curves he intended his pattern to take.
He rubbed the ointment on.
He runs a ranch in Laramie.
He rushed his fences and failed again.
He said he could not bear me to be unhappy.
He said it himself.
He said that he had been writing for an hour.
He said the modern generation was money mad or pleasure mad.
He said, "John will help me.".
He sang all the while they walked home.
He sat down at my side.
He sat nervously, marshal his thought.
He says he can perfectly well afford to support the child.
He says he'll invite her some other time.
He says that'll do.
He scored a bull's eye in their argument with that witty retort.
He scratched up a football team from various sources.
He seemed half out of his mind with fear.
He seemed unaffected by his wife's death.
He seldom asked himself whether he liked such and such a man: he esteemed a man according to whether he was useful to himself.
He sent her a box of her favourite chocolates. It was a sprat to catch a mackerel, and he waited eagerly for her reply.
He sent to Jennie to meet him at the airport.
He serves the public wholeheartedly, regardless of his personal gain or loss.
He set his lips to the glass.
He set the value of the house at$950.
He sets us a good example.
He should be told the results of the test.
He should put a bridle on his tongue.
He shouted to the driver of the tractor to pull over and let him through.
He showed me up by falling asleep at the concert.
He shudder at the bare thought.
He shut the window, so that the neighbors wouldn't hear the radio.
He signed away his share in the property.
He slipped into an indigo tank.
He slouched his hat over his eyes.
He smiled to see the children so happy.
He snatched a kiss from her.
He softened into tears.
He soon adjusted to army life.
He soon rallied from the shock of his father's death.
He specializes biology.
He spent all the time he could spare in study.
He spent some twelve year of his life in africa.
He spies on his unfaithful wife every day.
He spoke in French.
He spoke so clearly that I could hear every word.
He spoke without preamble.
He started off to refuse my demand, but he agreed the next day.
He stated positively that he had never see the man.
He stays at home because of rain.
He still does not get the point. How many times do I have to repeat myself to get it across?
He stole out of the house without anyone seeing him.
He stood for freedom of speech for everyone regardless of color, race or creed.
He stood up and objected in strong terms.
He struggled to his feet.
He studied out a new procedure.
He stumbled over a stump.
He suddenly became wealthy, which changed his whole mode of life.
He suggested repeat the test.
He supported the official policy in public, but privately he know it will fail.
He sweated out his composition in several hours.
He talks about Rome as though he had been there himself.
He talks well, but his writing isn't up to much.
He teaches children by example.
He tells her to phone him at his hotel every evening.
He tells me( that) he'd write some poem.
He that converse not know nothing.
He that hide can find.
He thinks to come a trick over his old pal.
He thought he was going off the rails when he saw a strange animal sitting in the middle of the road.
He thought of trying for a position in a research institute.
He threw a spanner into works by never investing this project.
He throttled the car down to20 miles an hour.
He tied a string on his finger to jog his memory.
He told a lie rather than get into trouble.
He took a copy of the newspaper as it come off the press.
He took a quick look at his notes.
He took down the minute in shorthand.
He took in the scene at a glance.
He took off his glasses and wiped them again, outside and in side.
He took out his flute and played on it.
He took the entrance exam but didn't get in.
He translated an English poem into French.
He treated himself to a holiday in Spain.
He tried hard to recollect the old scenes of his hometown.
He tried to beat out the sense of every word and phrase.
He tried to explain away the missing money.
He tried to join the police force but was turned down because of poor physique.
He tried to push more books into the bag but there was not enough room.
He turned a somersault.
He turned nasty when we refused to give him the money.
He turned the idea over for a week before replying.
He twisted in his chair to see what was happening behind him.
He unwarily tread upon a viper asleep just before his feet.
He used his casting vote to block the motion.
He used to be rich, but a lot of his fortune went in paying his father's debts.
He ventured on an ambitious project.
He vowed to kill his wife's lover.
He walked along as if favoring his sore foot.
He walked right into the trap.
He waltzed in and out as if the house belong to him.
He wanted them to jump to it.
He wants a cheap one.
He was a distinguished publicist.
He was a man whom all his friends admired and who won the respect even of his enemies.
He was a soft-hearted man. He wouldn't hurt an ant.
He was about to leave when his secretary called him back.
He was admonished against doing wrong.
He was alone in the house.
He was an author whose works were so little known as to be almost confidential.
He was away ill and I was landed with all his work.
He was before his time with many of his paintings.
He was born in Atlanta, Georgia, on January15, 1929.
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth; he thinks he can do what he likes.
He was buoyed up by thinking that he would recover yet, if slowly.
He was captured trying to escape from the country.
He was charged with an important mission.
He was dismayed at his lack of understanding.
He was dressed in a quiet grey suit and looked very well bred and every inch a gentleman.
He was elected chairman of the education committee.
He was enraged that he was shut out.
He was expelled for smoking in class.
He was fined200 dollars for violation of traffic regulation.
He was forced to face up to the situation.
He was hell-bent on going in spite of the heavy rain.
He was hoping I wouldn't be there, and I think my presence rather ruffled his feathers.
He was immune to all persuasion.
He was in peril.
He was irritated with you.
He was last seen walking into the Town Hall.
He was like a lamb in the hands of the swindlers, and they fleeced him of all his savings.
He was not going to be interfered with.
He was now a highly trained journalist of a new type.
He was often made fun of for his strong accent.
He was opposed by lots of people.
He was picked out from the whole class to represent them at the other school.
He was praised for bringing up the runaway horse.
He was put away for ten years for armed robbery.
He was scratched out of the list.
He was sent away and, a few days later, brought back, like the bad halfpenny.
He was set upon by two masked men.
He was shunted aside.
He was so caught up in the movie that he forgot the time.
He was so ill that we had to send for a doctor.
He was sold out by a traitor and arrested.
He was terribly tired after walking six kilos.
He was the only person awake at the moment.
He was tied to the job by his contract.
He was too fond of my genius to force it into traces.
He was treated with cruelty.
He was uneasy and conscience-stricken.
He was upstairs in bed.
He was, on his own admission, impulsive by nature.
He wasn't rid of the mental burden.
He waved away the idea of more talk.
He weighed the ideas in his mind.
He went berserk with glee.
He went off driving altogether after his accident.
He went out for a walk, cane in hand.
He whipped off his coat.
He who falls today, may rise tomorrow.
He who laughs last laugh best.
He will always carry with him the memory of that battle with the enemy.
He will be here, but as usual, he is taking his time over it!
He will come instantly.
He will find out what to do.
He will retire on a pension at65.
He will throw open his door to any of your friends.
He wiped the eye of the armed burglar.
He wishes ill to no one except those who intentionally offend him.
He won first prize in a lottery- enough to keep him in beer for a year.
He won't allow them to put the question by.
He won't stand for and funny business here.
He worked with great energy.
He works in a printing shop.
He works three day on end.
He would do it, though I told him not to.
He would have to efface himself before his visitors.
He would not touch the matter.
He would wait till they were back, he decided.
He wrote on mathematics.
He wroth off a dirty kind of life by killing himself.
He'd better call a taxi.
He'd mistaken the address, and gone to the wrong house.
He'll be bursting in upon us at any moment.
He'll definitely be back by the weekend.
He'll have his own ideas about that.
He's a fine baritone.
He's a hypocrite, in spades.
He's a pilot.
He's a slacker, he actually skipped off and left us to do the clearing away.
He's above stealing.
He's always been able to shuffle out of any difficulty. We don't know how he will do this time.
He's always ready to chime in with his opinion.
He's been moonlight for the past years as a driver.
He's been troubled with a bad back for years.
He's broken away from his family.
He's decided to come in on our excursion.
He's down town.
He's feeling terribly hung over after last night's party.
He's get three score.
He's ill-humoured today.
He's intent on going to France.
He's keeping an eye out for modern trends in space technology.
He's locked in and nobody knows where the key is.
He's mugging up history for the exam.
He's nipped his thumb in the fastener.
He's not cut out for teaching..
He's over sixty, but he shows no signs of slowing up.
He's pulled a muscle as a result of trying to lift the end of the piano.
He's robert.
He's sitting in the front of the car with the driver.
He's still but a child.
He's taken unpaid leave for a month.
He's the person whom I meet at the club every day and whom I've incited home to dinner tonight.
He's working at a new invention.
He/She will be cozy and warm no matter what the weather is, thanks to you.
Health is the essence of happiness.
Hear, hear! What an absurd idea!
Hearing this, he got to his feet and left the room.
Heat makes some people listless.
Heaven knows I've tried to help.
Helen had no book and the teacher told her to look on with me.
Helen was the first person to break the ice by telling us what happened to her on the way to the party.
Hello! Somebody's left their hat behind.
Hello, Tom. What brings you to Beijing again?
Hello.
Hello. Telegram.
Hello? This is Val. I am calling from Hilton.
Henry hits up his father's friends for work.
Henry thinks he is always right and gets on his high horse if anyone dares to contradict him.
Her English accent is so good, you will think she is a native speaker.
Her admirers almost fell over each other with offers of hospitality.
Her appearance deceived me.
Her baby is great fun.
Her behavior declared her an innocent girl.
Her city slicker boyfriend look pretty clumsy out here on the farm.
Her conduct in this matter is of a piece with a good deal else that I have heard about her.
Her daughter is all in all to her in the world.
Her dilemma is whether to go to the party in her old dress or to stay at home.
Her dress is an atrocity.
Her evil ways will certainly catch up with her.
Her eyes have sunk.
Her facility with/ in languages is surprising.
Her father pays for her board but she keeps herself in comfort.
Her fever is gone.
Her future husband, job, prospects
Her greatest desire was to make good at a film actress.
Her hair is snarled.
Her hands swept the keyboard.
Her husband, who is living in London, often writes to her.
Her impulses were carefully controlled, and her feelings closely penned up.
Her joke suddenly clicked with us and we all laughed.
Her latest book is a work of genius.
Her life has run smoothly up to now.
Her love has slowly gone out.
Her mind is deranged.
Her oscillations in mood are maddening.
Her parents tried to pair her off with a rich neighbour.
Her pink dress became her very well.
Her professed love of children
Her regular school fees are$43 a term, music and dancing are extra.
Her resignation caused much public debate.
Her selfishness will come home to roost someday.
Her students could not compass the simplest problems.
Her suspicion melted away as he began to talk.
Her three years at Oxford
Her unconscious looks wander to her husband with infantile dependency.
Her voice took on a sudden bitter note.
Her words are astonishing.
Her work is raising the pig.
Here is my claim tag.
Here is the money for a half-fare return.
Here visitors can chat over tea or enjoy a game of chess.
Here's a gift for you.
Here's some money in case you should need it.
Here's to you.
Here, he read of dreadful crimes that made the blood run cold.
Hi! Great show, eh?
Hi, there.
High in pitch; shrill.
High-powered business executives
Highly refined; delicate.
Hinckley fired five shots at the President.
His Hairy Frog was, as frogs go, quite large.
His aim was very good.
His anger was swathed in silence.
His answer was right on the beam.
His argument led us away from the topic.
His article teemed with blunders.
His attitude to ownership is rooted in communist ideology.
His bed on fire, Rochester is awakened just in time by Jane.
His boss made him mix inferior flour with first-grade.
His breast-beating emotionalism won little sympathy.
His brother spends money as if it were so much paper.
His business is looking up now.
His car circled around.
His carelessness contributed to the accident.
His cheek tingle from the slap she have give him.
His constant complaining jangles on my nerves.
His country cottage turned out to be an enormous bungalow.
His criticism of the factory was very harsh and he tore the manager to pieces over it.
His death at the age of28 was a bolt from the blue.
His debts mounted to thousands of dollars.
His desertion from the army brought dishonour on his family.
His dishonesty cut him off from all of us.
His every sentence is followed by a burst of applause.
His experience is being put to good use there.
His eyes burned with rage.
His eyes wandered over the landscape.
His face broke out in a rash.
His face pale as death, and his lips trembling, he stammered out the dreadful news.
His face was flushed with shame.
His father is a retired miner.
His father sucked the orange, and the boy has merely inherited the skin.
His fear of does traces back to an experience in his childhood.
His fingers swept the keys of the piano.
His first story was accepted two years later, but upon the advice of George Meredith he decided not to publish it.
His formal clothes make him the odd one out in the club.
His friends are just a bunch of hooligans.
His hair was matted together.
His hard hands and sinewy sunburnt limbs told of labor and endurance.
His health broke down.
His heart sank when his boos told him that the company didn't need him any more.
His help put her under an obligation to help him in any possible way.
His hope of winning is oozing away.
His house was rated at$300 a year.
His influence has waned.
His interest in this subject gradually decreases.
His isolation has made him blunt about the feelings of others.
His joke made us laugh till we cried.
His knee stung from the graze.
His last agony was over.
His latest work came out with a bang.
His manner partakes of insolence.
His men talk to him at no allowance.
His mind was throbbing with expectation.
His mother is in the garden, snipping off the dead roses.
His mother was weighed down with care.
His name leapt out at me from the newspaper.
His new book did not come up to expectation.
His opposition served only to strengthen our resolve.
His parents expected him to be a teacher: the tradition seemed to run in the family.
His past misdeeds redounded on him.
His perseverance and diligence in his youth has made him what he is today.
His plan seemed to be too difficult, but before long it proved to be practicable.
His poetry displays a finished style.
His poor health incapacitated him for work.
His refusal was a mere gesture.
His remarks convicted him of a lack of sensitivity.
His reputation is blemished by a newspaper article allege he'd evaded his taxes.
His rich wife is his meal ticket.
His rudeness drew on his being beaten.
His scars bore witness to the torture he had suffered.
His selfish conduct reflects on him.
His speech fired the crowd with enthusiasm for the new plan.
His speech set off violence in the crowd.
His speech was nothing but milk and water.
His sprained ankle has puffed up.
His story illustrates her true generosity very clearly.
His strength as a news-reader lies in his training as a journalist.
His success in amateur theatricals led him on to think he could tread the boards for a living.
His thesis is rife with errors.
His trade suffered greatly during the war.
His uncle doesn't exactly approve of him.
His version of the accident should correspond with that of the other witnesses.
His voice echoed in the big empty hall.
His voice was drowned out by the noise made by a gang of rowdies.
His weak chest is a legacy of a childhood illness
His word finally foment her hostility.
His words incited them to rebellion.
His words were long enough to run in series.
His work is selling cars.
His wound closed up after a week.
His yurt stood behind the temple.
History record the name of royal bastard, but cannot tell us the origin of wheat.
Hold your horse! I'd like to tell you something before you go!
Holiday economy
Holy mackerel! What a way to run all army!
Homer write the oddity.
Honesty recommends any person.
Honour and profit lie not in one sack.
Hope for the best but be prepared for the worst.
Hour of gardening in the sun have quite tired me out.
Houses and churches are buildings.
How I teach her to drive.
How about go to a concert?
How about some coffee?
How annoying! I've burned the cookie again.
How are you feeling now?-- Not so bad.
How can I work when you're always hovering over me?
How can one stand by and see such cruelty?
How can we extricate the firm from this trouble?
How can we utilize his knowledge and skill to our advantage?
How can you justify your rude and foolish behaviour?
How can you suffer such insolence?
How come girls from other college can join you club?
How did it happen that the proposal was vetoed at the Security Council?
How did we get onto that subject?
How did you enjoy the concert?
How did you manage to steer by that difficult question?
How do I get to your office?
How do you break your leg?
How do you drink your coffee, black or white?
How do you spell this word right? can you check it for me, please?
How does chilli taste?
How does pepper taste?
How does the ship appear?
How ever do you find the time to make cakes?
How far is it to New York?
How go the enemy?
How is your family?
How late are you open?
How long do you wash the head once?
How long does this train stop at Zhengzhou?
How long have you been there?
How long is the post tenable for?
How lucky you be!
How many visiting scholars have come?
How much commission will you give if the transaction is our US$1,000,000?
How much did your new bicycle set you back?
How much do you plan to invest?
How much does the camera cost?
How much is it per night?
How much is this line longer than that one?
How old were you that year?
How ridiculous!
How she shall handle this matter troubled her greatly.
How stupid/silly/clumsy/careless of me to break the vase.
How the plan is to be carried out still needs to be discussed.
How to keep the house clean drove the mother to her wit's end for she had three naughty children at home all day.
How was your weekend?
How's your mother?
However hard I worked she was never satisfied.
However, many well-known scientists are sincere Christians.
Howl down the opposition
Hullo! Who's that, taking my name in vain?
Human intelligence—It is millions of years old but it never seems to act its age.
Hundreds come to pay their last respect to the dead president.
Husband of the sister of one's wife or husband
I abstained from voting.
I admire the way she is able to shrug off unfair criticism.
I adore the little boy.
I affirm I can like it.
I agree up to a point, but things are not so easy.
I agreed to take the children to the fair, but I refused to ride on the big dipper no matter how much they tried to persuade me; after all, you can take a horse to water but you cannot make it drink.
I always take the afternoon flight to rome.
I am a Bridge.
I am a foreigner here; must I register with the police?
I am a seasoned and honorable English teacher with a unique way to train both fellow teachers and office personnel.
I am about to drop.
I am afraid I can not comment on the issue.
I am afraid I find this discussion a bit pointless.
I am also permitted to refer to Professor Raymond Powell of the Education Department at the Normal college.
I am an under graduate then.
I am averse from any sort of fuss.
I am big on movies.
I am calling because we have not receive a response to our fax.
I am closing my fifty-two years of military service.
I am curious how she will receive the news.
I am feeling a bit air-sick.
I am frightened to death(that) I will be dismiss.
I am glad that we have agreed on term of the contract after repeated negotiation.
I am glad we have come together at last.
I am going to consult with my publisher about my forthcoming book
I am going to the bathroom during the next commercial.
I am having trouble understanding this map. Can you show me where we are on the map?
I am longing to see my friend Jack again.
I am more than ever persuaded that it was the right action.
I am no good at dancing.
I am not alone in thinking so.
I am not certain about it.
I am not good at sports, but I like to watch them.
I am not quite certain.
I am only too glad to go.
I am phoning about the job as a part-time cook.
I am quit satisfied with your qualifications.
I am ready to burst.
I am regretting to have to inform you that two cases of them are so bad in quality.
I am scared stiff of meeting the director.
I am six feet two in my shoes.
I am sorry to say I cannot come to the party.
I am sorry, I do not think it will.
I am sorry, but he moved to our Chicago office.
I am sorry, that's not allow.
I am sorry-she's out. Can you ring again later?
I am starting to bald noticeably.
I am sure I have forgotten something, but it's too late now.
I am thirty years old.
I am to visit Mr. Green tomorrow.
I am under contract so I must finish the job.
I am very concerned(that) we may not meet the deadline on this.
I am very pleased to present Mr. Robert Carlson, who will talk with us today about world economy.
I am weary of his preaching.
I am wondering if you'd care to visit us next week?
I ask him what he have look for the day before.
I asked a little girl to direct me to the bus stop.
I asked her when she is going to do it.
I asked him when they will be back.
I asked the driver to put me off at the post office.
I ate fish with bones.
I bad spruced up my house before my mother came.
I believe in your ability to solve the problem.
I believe there's a parcel for me.
I believed him to be honest but his actions showed that he had feet of clay.
I bet they were surprised by the news.
I blister easily.
I bought a new cigarette lighter and it broke. Now I'm$10 out of pocket.
I bought some old78-rpm records at a flea market in the village hall.
I call up a client.
I came across an old friend of yours while I was abroad.
I came near to telling him just what I thought of the whole business.
I can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip.
I can book you on american airlines flight144 at9:30 Saturday.
I can do it better than himself.
I can drop you off at normandie ave.
I can lodge you for a week.
I can never repay her many kindnesses to me.
I can not believe that we have to wear our suit coats. it's so hot!
I can not find word to express how much I like it.
I can not help think the same.
I can not possibly lend you my camera.
I can not say work for$50 a month is very pleasant.
I can see from the telltale look in her eyes that she love him.
I can sooner reconcile all Europe than two women.
I can take up to four people in my car.
I can type.
I can't afford it.
I can't bear this scent [the sight of it].
I can't carry it on my own; it's too heavy.
I can't get over his arrogant manners.
I can't get this photograph off the page, it's stuck on.
I can't go to work and look after the baby at they same time-I've only got one pair of hands, you know!
I can't help you. You brought this on yourself.
I can't leave before I set my house in order.
I can't manage with these poor tools.
I can't pull this bush up, it's firmly rooted in the ground.
I can't stand it.
I can't stop to talk to you now. I'm pushed for time.
I can't think of anything Fred and I would enjoy more right now than a weekend at Far Acres.
I can't understand that man's psychology.
I can't wait much longer.
I can't wrap up the peace talk in less than fifty pages.
I cannot but bless the memory of July Caesar, for the great esteem he express for fat men and his aversion to lean one.
I caught a whiff of cigar smoke when I entered his room.
I certainly see what you mean, but Mary is too young to do it.
I check my weight.
I chose this subject as being easier to follow.
I combed out my room looking for that dictionary.
I compliment you for fine work.
I congratulate you on this marvelous opportunity.
I could never forget the day that I joined the Party.
I could now see what the detective was driving at: he was trying to establish my whereabouts on the night of the crime.
I could sense my mother's pain and the tension of holding back the strong emotions.
I couldn't care less who wins the match.
I couldn't get up anyhow.
I couldn't see a thing because my glasses had fogged up.
I counter their plan with my own.
I deeply respect her courage.
I develop films myself.
I did it solely for his sake.
I did not imagine that you would sink to cheating.
I did profit by the advice they gave me.
I didn't buy the magazine last month; I must try to get hold of a back number so that I can catch up on the articles I missed.
I didn't get the number of the car that knocked you over. It was gone in a flash. All I know is that it's a big, brown car.
I didn't see Mr.Thompson, but I saw Prof. Smith.
I didn't think you'd need it.
I disagree with you about this.
I dislike living in a large city.
I do envy you. You are so beautiful!
I do not altogether agree with you.
I do not care to study English today.
I do not know whether overweight this letter.
I do not like raw onions in my salad.
I do not mind in the slightest.
I do not realize it is a double feature.
I do not say you are the one that start the scandal, but if the cap fit, wear it.
I do not speak so well as you do.
I do not think it will take long to finish the work.
I don't allow him to do this work, because he's not fitted to the task.
I don't believe you need worry.
I don't care how much make-up costs these days. That's not the point; you're still not getting any more pocket money.
I don't collect the interest but plough it back into my savings account.
I don't feel able to get the job.
I don't find much time to play billiards these days, but I don try to keep my eye in at the weekends.
I don't grudge the expenses.
I don't know how to solace his grief.
I don't know much about China; therefore I can't advise you about it.
I don't know the writer, but I have heard of him.
I don't know what to think about their decision to close the school.
I don't know whether they did it by accident or by design.
I don't know why she's marrying that appalling man; I wouldn't touch him with a barge-pole.
I don't like black or white.
I don't like to bring my work home. I'd rather stay late at the office.
I don't like your talking to me like that.
I don't mind the children's comings and gongs.
I don't now what has set up this irritation in your throat.
I don't really think the question is all that important I don't want to make a meal of it when I address the meeting.
I don't see fit to tell him all our plans.
I don't see why this plan should not work well.
I don't think that's important. At least planes have the best safety records.
I don't think this cheap carpet will stand up to much wear.
I don't think your plan will work.
I don't want her to toss in her opinion while I ma speaking.
I don't want to do her good. I just want to keep her out of sight and mind.
I don't want to interfere with you; proceed with your work.
I don't want to talk to her because it will only spark off a row.
I drew the curtain as it was getting dark.
I dropped some small change into the collecting tin.
I eat too much again this year.
I enjoy having beer with seafood.
I enjoyed it very much.
I envied him his talent. I know I could never paint a picture like that never in a thousand years.
I expect I'll get a bollocking from my boss when she find out.
I fear that they must have set off.
I feel a bit out of form today; I'm afraid my tennis won't be up to your standard.
I feel awkward as everyone except me is in evening dress.
I feel dizzy [groggy, listless, sore all over, a bit chilly].
I feel highly honored to be invited to the state banquet.
I feel like a drink now.
I feel nothing but contempt for such dishonest behaviour.
I felt a certain indisposition to face reality.
I felt deeply sorry for him.
I felt my flesh crawl as he described the murder.
I felt someone twitch at my coat.
I felt uneasy at my wife's absence.
I finally had to sell the car, but it had served its turn.
I find her condition very worrying.
I flatly refuse to come.
I forgot about the oven and the roast has frizzled up.
I found her in.
I found it hard to identify with any of the characters in the film.
I found the gun aiming straight at me.
I gained the impression that the matter has been settled.
I gave him a book.
I get the job on the strength of your recommendation.
I get your drift now, I think. If you mean by"integrity", what I would call"consistency" then we've been arguing at cross-purposes.
I give you my word for the fact.
I go out for a long walk when I feel anxious; it helps me to work off steam.
I go to the next bar.
I got a second-class ticket on the train to New York.
I got hollered at for not doing my homework.
I grew up right here in Beijing.
I guess I've outgrown this pair of trousers.
I guess what is happening from a few words she let fall.
I had a good night's sleep in a hotel and was feeling very full of beans.
I had a quick flip through the book and it looked very interesting.
I had already noticed out of the corner of my eye that the package cam form France.
I had been writing to you when you called on me.
I had not realized the magnitude of the problem.
I had so many queries at once yesterday that I didn't know whether I was coming or going.
I had to assert myself in the meeting in order to ensure acquisition of the new book.
I had to knock the branches back to reach the hut.
I had to stoop to the child's height to hear what he was saying.
I had wanted to see it.
I hankered for a good cup of coffee.
I hate to interrupt a man when he's busy working.
I have a bad cold and must lie up for a day or two.
I have a collect call from Johnson. Will you accept the charges?
I have a few observation to make on your conduct.
I have a headache(stomachache).
I have a lot of interesting friends.
I have a pen, but I have lost it.
I have authorized him to act for me while I am away.
I have been fully occupied in compile this book these days.
I have been scouring the city for an overcoat with fur lining.
I have been working hard all morning.
I have but one pencil.
I have corresponded with him for some years, but I have never met him in the flesh.
I have done it.
I have gotten two left feet-I can not dance.
I have here our price sheet on a fob basis. The price is given without engagement.
I have juice, cereal, toast, and tea(coffee) for breakfast.
I have just retired. I want to buy a small house in the country.
I have looked at most of the available material on American.
I have made some progress since I entered the university.
I have mislaid my key to the door.
I have no experiences.
I have no indication of his decision.
I have no opinion of him.
I have no share in the matter.
I have not any trouble with my set.
I have not saw him this morning.
I have not told him about it.
I have requested that all my credentials be forwarded to you. They should reach you shortly.
I have seen this happen more than once.
I have some news to tell you.
I have starved.
I have talked with him this morning about his study.
I have three brothers.
I have to be well preparing with you.
I have to wait a full hour for the bus.
I have tried to get my point across.
I have warned you not to meddle with married women, it always leads to trouble.
I haven't been to a cinema for I don't know how long.
I haven't got a clue about the train schedule.
I haven't heard your reply yet.
I haven't seen Charlie for a dog's age.
I hear you were inquiring for me in my factory.
I heard from my parents yesterday.
I heard something scraping along outside the window.
I heard you've thrown up your job and are now looking for a new one.
I helped him move all the furniture and filing cabinets up two flights of stairs to the next floor, and what did he give me for helping him? Sweet Fanny Adams!
I hit the man fair and square on the jaw.
I hop you are all geared up for the mew sales campaign.
I hope that the trade occupies your valuable time to me.
I hope the two countries will cool off a bit, or there will be a war.
I hope this proposal go through...I doubt it, though.
I hope to live along shore.
I hope you can be here to help me again.
I hope you don't mind my asking, but where is the president's office?
I hope you make a success of your new life in Canada—and don't forget to keep in touch.
I hurried to the ticket-office.
I in spirit, flew into the sky.
I instilled the need for kindness into my children.
I interpret his answer as a refusal.
I judge you're right.
I just can't tell you how glad I am to see you.
I just had a chance to speak, when my son burst in.
I knew that he would go out and buy everything he saw, because the money was burning a hole in his pocket.
I know I never shall have loaned it to you.
I know a bit about shoes and I can see the quality in the shaping and stitching.
I know he behaves badly---it all has to do with the bad company he keeps.
I know her face but I can't call her name to mind.
I know it is true.
I know not, neither can I guess.
I know who is there.
I know you have always thought you could do anything you turned your hand to, and mostly you could.
I know you're so grieved at your son's death.But you should try to roll with the punch.
I latched on to their conversation.
I learned from Richard's letter that you are ill in bed. I hope you will get well soon.
I leave the house at seven ten every morning.
I left home and went to Paris hoping to find true love, but life in the city offered me only Dead Sea fruit.
I like comedy film.
I like him and his wife; he is so ladylike, and she's such a perfect gentleman.
I like it iced.
I like my coffee black.
I like running and swimming, but I don't like hunting.
I like the first item better than the second one.
I like them fried.
I listened to the news on the radio last night.
I live on Queen Street.
I long to be seductive and tempting. What's Helen got that I haven't got?
I look up and see the Soviet flag on the moon.
I looked over his faults.
I lost my way in the heavy fog.
I love the land where I was born.
I make my assistant my agent while I am abroad.
I manage to hold my anger in leash until she have go.
I may be able to help you in some way.
I mean business.
I measured my swimming ability with his by racing him across the pool.
I met Mr. Watson on several occasions.
I met him by a happy chance.
I must apologize for calling you so late.
I must bone up on my French before we go to Paris.
I must consult the others about the matter.
I must fly.
I must get this through hands at once.
I must have a hole in my head to think you can be trusted.
I must insist on more regular hours.
I must settle down this morning and finish the term paper.
I must warn you beforehand that I shall tell them everything.
I nearly missed the train.
I need a piece of string to tie this parcel up.
I need one volume to complete my set of Dickens.
I need to get away and rest up a little.
I needed more money and so I decide to take the bull by the horn and ask my boss for more pay.
I never saw an athletic girl that thought she was strong enough to do indoor work.
I never told them what I suspected.
I nodded to show that I agreed.
I noticed her standing by the window.
I observed that he looked very pale.
I often hear her singing this song.
I often work until nearly6: 00 o'clock each day.
I owe my butcher$10, but he can whistle for it.
I own to being uncertain about that.
I particularly want to see that film.
I pay all that money and the thing do not work!
I pick up my attached case.
I placed an order with them for500 pair of shoes.
I played cards, read, went for a walk-anything to take my thoughts off the decision I knew I must make.
I prefer to have it near me.
I pretended not to notice how quiet he had become.
I promise.
I propose to give only a general survey of the subject; I shall not go into details.
I pushed and pushed at the heavy box but could not move it.
I put my foot down and the Zephyr gathered speed up the slope.
I puzzled over it for hours before it finally clicked.
I read it in the local rag.
I read the"Guardian" and so does Mr. Peter.
I really can't remember what you said last night.
I really don't know what he meant by that.
I really hate to believe it.
I really talked turkey to Frank and told him that he could not go on ignoring his family obligations.
I received a flood of letters this morning.
I regret not completing the inventory on time.
I regret to say we cannot see our way clear to fund the project.
I remember having heard him mention it.
I remember telling you about it once.
I repeated my question several times and at last he understood.
I respect your opinion, of course. However, there are too many accidents on the road.
I roomed with Smith in college for two years.
I saw a figure approaching in the darkness.
I saw her safe home.
I saw him pop his head in at the door.
I saw my younger brother reaching into the cake tin.
I saw the boss going about the office with a long face.
I saw three children running away with your brother.
I say goodbye.
I see no objection whatsoever.
I see the answer in some book.
I see why it won't work.
I see. I'll report the fault to the manager.
I seized him by the collar.
I sense that fellow's Italian hand in this matter.
I sent the letter first class on Monday.
I shall die again and again to know that life is inexhaustible.
I shall have got my skates on if I want to buy anything before the shops close-it's5 o'clock!
I shall keep this new suit for special occasions, as I have two others that I want to wear off before I take it for everyday use.
I shall miss you very much.
I shall not see the shadows.
I shall say your interpretation is perfectly correct.
I sharpen pencil.
I should refuse.
I shouldn't go in and see him now if I were you. He's having one of his bad days, swearing at everything and everyone.
I shouted to the driver of the tractor to pull over and let me through.
I simply can't go rushing off to visit distant relative. I've scarcely time to turn round these days.
I sit through all three performances but none of them is any good.
I smell with it.
I soon lost myself in the excitement of the film.
I stand out in a group interview.
I started as soon as your message got through to me.
I still believe they incline to that way.
I still read as much as ever. I don't mind paying for good books.
I stop with my brother while I am in Beijing.
I strongly incline to the view that we must make full use of the existing technical equipment.
I stumbled across this silver bracelet in the junk shop down the road.
I supposed that the minister will sanction my clerical effort, but they do not.
I suspect that part of your nervous problem may be the smothering attitude of your family and you need to get out and try your wings a bit.
I sweated blood on that job yet he didn't even thank me!
I take a"sportsman's oath."
I take it you wish to marry her.
I take the odd bit of exercise, but nothing regular.
I taught her to ride a bicycle.
I think I have quite a good chance of getting the job, but I will not put my shirt on it.
I think I will fall, thus I lean against on the desk in order to hold up oneself.
I think I'll leave it
I think I'm right, though I can't cite you chapter and verse what the law says on this point.
I think autumn is the most beautiful season.
I think he must be a policeman, he keeps fishing for information.
I think it a great honor, (honour) to accept your invitation.
I think she may have lose a bit of weight.
I think that man is just hanging out for a better offer.
I think the drink must have gone to his head, he doesn't usually sing in public.
I think the settings for this musical comedy is good.
I think things are mending there.
I think we can knit up the friendship if we are tactful.
I think we have to revitalize our society.
I think you're mistaken about that.
I thought I had the dog fast but he has slipped the collar.
I thought he had risen above lying to his mother.
I thought perhaps I could find work and save up the fare.
I thought they would chime in.
I thought you would have finished it by now.
I thumbed through the report quickly on the train.
I took her under my roof and gave her every help I could for two years.
I took the hint and left at once.
I totally agree with you.
I tried on the pants, but they were too tight.
I tried to cheer her up by telling her the news.
I tried to give him some advice, but he brushed all my suggestions to one side.
I tried to shame her into voting in the election, but she has no sense of public duty.
I understand from... that you wish to have an agent in this market.
I understood the tenor of his speech but not the details.
I used to get them new plaything to keep them quiet.
I used to see three films a week in the golden days when cinemas were flourishing.
I used to work until nearly6: 00 o'clock each day
I usually take the air on the lawn before I go to bed.
I visualize having to fire some of the workers.
I want all the existing paint stripped off and new undercoat and gloss applied. I want a thorough job, with no half measures.
I want none of your leavings.
I want the one next to the green one.
I want to book a ticket for Harbin.
I want to deposit these cheque in my account.
I want to give you a present. What will you like?
I want to have words with those two girls at the back of the class.
I want to talk business.
I want you in three ranks by that wall, jump to it!
I want you to understand clearly that America doesn't have to be in decline. America can be on the upswing. We can have better jobs and better pay. We can make this country that we want it to be.
I wanted to discuss my company's outstanding account.
I wanted to tell him the secret, but the words stuck in my throat.
I warned you of the danger [risk], didn't I?
I was about to raise my offer far the farm when a neighbour cut the ground from under my feet by offering a sum that I couldn't possibly match.
I was born in the east, but now live in Los Angeles.
I was clear that it should not have been done.
I was deeply impressed with the changes brought about by the project.
I was expecting, and the doctor advised me not to smoke at all.
I was frantic to finish the report on schedule.
I was going to take some bricks from the building site but a wee small voice stopped me from doing it.
I was in on what you were doing at that time.
I was not at home at that formal reception.
I was only mildly interested in the story I read in the newspaper.
I was perfectly well five minutes after my fall, but my, hostess insisted on sending for a doctor.
I was rather taken aback by his rudeness.
I was sentenced to five days for contempt of court and now everybody thinks I'm a jail-bird.
I was so sleepy that I could hardly keep awake.
I was squirted with water.
I was torn between the two alternatives.
I was up late last night so I had a cat nap at my desk today.
I was walking down the street, when I suddenly saw a car bump against a huge pine.
I was yoked to a pleasing fellow.
I wasn't claiming that Bob was a world-class sprinter, but he could show his heels to you anyway.
I watched the boat till it was out of sight.
I weighed out half a kilo of flour and added it to the mixture.
I will accept that if I were you, or we'll have to cancel it.
I will ask Mary to usher you out.
I will broach your idea to the committee.
I will consider it open to question if the campaign will a success.
I will expose his all lawless actions.
I will go round to his office and have a talk to him.
I will lay you a bet.
I will not want you to have truck with the family.
I will remember you forever, Mr. Smith, I was in you debt.
I will send ahead to the restaurant to order a table
I will tell you my story.
I will write objectively about your country.
I wish I could be a master of this subject.
I wish I could, but it's my mom's birthday.
I wish once again to express our warmest welcome to you.
I wish there was windows to my soul, so that you could see some of my feelings.
I wish to nominate Jane Morrison for president of the club.
I wish you a pleasant trip.
I wish you to go at once.
I wish you wouldn't keep butting in on our conversation!
I woke up and was greeted by bird song.
I wonder at the fact that he survived.
I wonder if I can get the money back.
I wonder if she has returned yet.
I wonder if we can alter the time of our meeting to next Thursday. Something's come up.
I wonder if you supply toys.
I wonder what he is at by doing so.
I wonder what's behind his sudden change of the plan.
I wormed the secret out of them.
I would certainly disdain to live in such tiny flats.
I would have got away with coming in late if Harry hadn't sold me down the river and told the foreman.
I would like to endorse any choice you make.
I would never have thought of it if you hadn't mentioned it.
I would rather stay than otherwise.
I wouldn't climb to the top of that ladder, no even if you paid me.
I wrote a book of short biographies as a pot boiler while waiting to begin work on my next novel.
I you go to that place look out for trouble.
I'd be most delighted if you can help me.
I'd better jot it down.
I'd expected to be much better.
I'd have passed out if I'd known it.
I'd like a job with your outfit.
I'd like to ask a question if I may.
I'd like to charge this call to my hotel room.
I'd like to fly to Glasgow on the fifth of May.
I'd like to help you, but I'm afraid I'm not in a position to do so.
I'd like to know what else needs clarifying.
I'd like to meet Denise.
I'd like to remind him( that) we are now in Asia.
I'd like you to sit in on this meeting.
I'd love to, but my father's go to call at me.
I'd prefer something secretarial.
I'd rather it would not be true.
I'd rather that he stay at home.
I'd rather you write them.
I'd swear that's Eddy from circulation.
I'll be right there.
I'll be there.
I'll bear your suggestion in my mind.
I'll bring the price down to50 mark a piece, if you are going to make a big purchase.
I'll call for you early tomorrow morning.
I'll certainly do that.
I'll collect you at seven.
I'll fit you up with a bed at my flat.
I'll get back to you soon.
I'll get upsides with him some day.
I'll give you a definite answer on Friday at the latest.
I'll go along to the film with you.
I'll go skiing of the weather permits.
I'll have a day off next week.
I'll hurl him out of the club if he dare tell the secret!
I'll just run through these letters, and then we'll go out.
I'll knock again, Helen. Everything's very quiet.
I'll let you borrow my lawn mower if I can use your electric drill; after all, fair exchange is no robbery.
I'll make you an offer of￡5 for it.
I'll need your complete address with the zip code, Mr. Kelly.
I'll not wag an ace further.
I'll rustle up some eggs and bacon for you.
I'll see to it that we are back before4.
I'll send you a brochure.
I'll soon get into the way of things.
I'll stand you a dinner.
I'll take care of it.
I'll take you at your word.
I'll undertake for your security.
I'll work out the schedule.
I'm a better player than he is any day of the week.
I'm a night owl and seldom go to bed until after midnight.
I'm afraid I can't speak for Geoff, but...
I'm afraid I spilled ink all over the tablecloth.
I'm afraid Mr. Smith is unavailable now.
I'm afraid you should compensate us by5% of the total amount of the contract.
I'm all mixed up.
I'm an orphan. I used to work for the family that lived here.
I'm beginning to suffer from rheumatism, and at times I feel like a right old crock.
I'm busy now. I will call you back later.
I'm considering studying calligraphy or Chinese painting. I will look for a teacher as soon as I find an apartment and pay my tuition at school.
I'm disappointed in your work; it has dropped below its usual high standard.
I'm getting mixed up in my old age.
I'm glad to hear that
I'm glad you thought of this hotel where you stayed last year.
I'm going to a rock and roll concert tonight.
I'm going to give you a pain-killing injection. In a minute or two, when it takes effect, you'll feel much better.
I'm going to speak out against the committee's decision.
I'm goosebumps all over when I see a snake.
I'm just one player on the team.
I'm longing for him to come home.
I'm moving out no offence to you or the people who live here, but I just don't like the atmosphere.
I'm not all that keen on baseball.
I'm not feeling quite well.
I'm not guessing, I really know.
I'm not made of money, you know!
I'm on the track of a valuable painting.
I'm positive he's right.
I'm rather bad at dancing.
I'm really steamed up about people who throw papers in the park.
I'm sick of it.
I'm so glad you didn't hurt yourself-when you fell out of bed.
I'm sorry I can't come, I come, I have too much on.
I'm sorry to hear that you have fallen on hard times; what can I do to help?
I'm sorry to trouble you, but...
I'm sorry, I don't understand; I don't know what you're getting at.
I'm sorry, sir, we have no record of your booking.
I'm still screwed-up about the accident.
I'm sure he needs no introduction.
I'm sure the information I have given you is correct, for it was told me by someone who is in the know.
I'm tired out. I've had a long journey.
I'm trying to get in touch with my brother.
I'm used to hard work.
I'm very grateful for your offer. However I've done it by myself.
I'm very well indeed, thank you.
I'm worried about Keith. He's been off his oats for a week now.
I've already sent on my luggage.
I've been on the run all day and I'm exhausted.
I've been toying with the idea of moving abroad.
I've booked you in at the Grand Hotel.
I've come up for my bag, I left it in my office.
I've done all I can.
I've forgotten how to do this; will you remind me?
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
I've got to think up something to wear for the fancy dress party.
I've had a foul morning; everything's gone wrong.
I've had nothing to show for all these thirty years of work.
I've heard tell of strange sights than that!
I've just had a brainwave; I know a new approach to the difficult problem!
I've known her for years.
I've looked through all my papers but I still can't find the contract.
I've no idea how word got out that you were leaving.
I've only dipped into the book, but from what I've seen it is well written.
I've put my entire life into apple-pie order.
I've received your message and passed it on to those whom it concerned.
I've seen you buttering up the boss!
I've started the housework because I have my heart in it.
I've tried Cantonese, Hunan and Szechwan food and they differ quite considerably.
Identifying object
If Dad catches you you'll be in the soup.
If I can be of service, do not hesitate to call on me.
If I could only latch onto some of your know- how.
If I fall asleep at the wheel wake me up.
If I had enough money, I would have bought that car.
If I had seen her I should have invited her.
If I tell you this secret, don't spread it around.
If I went with her, I'd have to be back by five o'clock.
If I were you I should paint it green.
If I were you, I wouldn't go without saying goodbye.
If Jane keeps on nagging at her husband like that, he'll leave her.
If Robert botches up his driving test again, I doubt if he'll ever pass it.
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it's cannot save the few who are rich.
If anything should occur, ...
If everyone does his part, the project will surely be a success.
If he bothers you again I'll give him an earful.
If he dies without leaving an heir, his lands will revert to the state.
If he gets tanked up again, who will drive us home?
If he had won the competition, he would have got a one-million-dollar award, but he wasn't even put into the first three.
If he knows, how can I look him in the face again?
If his plan isn't approved of by the Committee, all his work will have been wasted.
If it is food, clothing, furniture or what have you that you need, place your order with us. We can supply it.
If it were fine tomorrow, I would go shopping.
If it's a letter from Mary, read it out, Mother.
If my aim can come true, I hope(wish) to be a teacher.
If necessary, please warehouse the goods.
If one hears bad music it is one's duty to drown it in conversation.
If she hopes to keep her job, she'll have to buck her ideas up a bit.
If she would only pull her finger out, we would get the job finished in half the time.
If something's bothering you, get if off your chest.
If the Man Higher Up is ever found, take my assurance for it, he will be a large, pale man with blue wristlets showing under his cuffs.
If the collar won't stay in place, you'd better pin it back.
If the engine is heard to be knocking at any time, it must be slowed down at once.
If the ink sinks in it'll be hard to remove it.
If their spade break4-1, I still have the diamond finesse to fall back on.
If there is anything wrong, I'll nose it out.
If there were no husbands, who would look after our mistresses?
If these people go into that field, the bull will chase them.
If they go into that field the bull will chase them.
If they refuse to make heart-felt apologies soon we will have to bring an action against them.
If this card is returned unopened I'll know you aren't ready to reconcile yet, and I'll try again next year.
If we can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to tell us.
If we could help, we would.
If we each save$5 a week we'll do it in ten weeks.
If we have children, this house will be too small for us.
If we lose the match, I'm in the dumps. But there's no call to go around shouting at people.
If we reckon up the numbers of visitors to the exhibition for the past week, we shall see a surprising total.
If we want to live a peaceful and democratic life, we cannot help object to war.
If you are prepared to work in that hospital for so little money, I raise my hat to you.
If you ask me to finish the work in time, I have to employ an assistant.
If you boil the vegetables too long, they'll go soggy.
If you can get the book, please send it to me by post.
If you can't agree by the end of the meeting, a vote will have to be taken on the matter.
If you can't settle your argument with your neighbour over the limits of your property, you may have to go to law.
If you climb mountain in fog, you are asking for it.
If you don't concentrate more on your work you'll lose your job.
If you don't know the answer, leave the first question and get onto the second.
If you don't pay rent, you'll get turned out of to the street.
If you don't stop that din, I'll come in and sort you out!
If you drive so fast, you'll run down someone some day.
If you fail three times, you will be not entitled to try anymore.
If you fix the brake the car will be as safe as house.
If you happen to be in town, would you ask about it?
If you have finished your translation, please hand back my dictionary.
If you have two pounds to spare, lay it on Brown Willie for the nest race.
If you intend to be out late, keep your host and hostess informed of your whereabouts so they don't worry.
If you keep your nose clean, the boss might promote you.
If you leave your car idling away outside the house for an hour or more, you will burn more petrol than you think.
If you like, we could go out this evening.
If you push all correct buttons, everything will fall into line.
If you really did score full marks in every subject today, we must mark the occasion with a white stone.
If you rough up the surface a bit, the paint will stick better.
If you set yourself up against an international company of that size, you can expect failure.
If you stand on my shoulders you will be able to see over the wall.
If you take any more liberties with my wife you will never be invited to my house again.
If you tell tales about other boys in school, you'll be sent to Coventry.
If you want to borrow the car, be my guest.
If you want to have your meals in the room, just dial room service.
If you want to relax, you can push the seat-recliner button in the armrest.
If you watch long enough, you will see many problems settled by this"tap-talking" with the feelers.
If you will write the article, I will go over it and touch it up for you.
If you worked hard, you should be bind to succeed.
If you'd like early morning tea, just tell the room clerk.
If your mother sees what you have done she will bow her top.
Ignorance is no excuse for breaking the law.
Ill news never comes too late.
Illness kept the boy behind in his school work.
Immeasurable quantity of natural resource was lost forever through misuse.
Immured in my work, I did not even hear my visitor enter the room.
Impersonal, as in attitude or views.
In Britain, people get the vote at the age of18.
In England traffic must keep to the left.
In Holland thousands of hectares have been reclaimed from the sea and turned over to arable land and pasture.
In Nazism, a Caucasian Gentile, especially of Nordic type.
In System/38, a panel located adjacent to the system console on the system unit that contains lights and switches that are used primarily when the system is started or serviced.
In a contrary manner or direction.
In a document copying machine, the treatment of sensitized material after exposure so as to reveal and to retain the image.
In a privy manner; privately or secretly.
In a shoe store, shoes of medium width turn over quickly, but a pair of narrow shoes may not be sold for years.
In a time of grief, it often helps to turn to some new activity.
In a word, we should solve this problem ourselves.
In addition to dessert, they served fruit for good measure.
In all countries any person who incites others to insurrection is guilty of treason.
In an effort to shore up support, Simon's campaign has borrowed$110, 000 to buy time on Boston and New Hampshire radio and television stations.
In books, are embalmed the greatest thoughts of all ages.
In case of the value of a single order exceeding...we may consider an increase in your commission.
In communications, a point of message entry into the system.
In computer graphics, emphasizing a given display group by changing the attitudes of all the other display groups in the same display field.
In computer programming, a process which repeats the same series of processing steps until a predetermined state or branch condition is reached.
In computer security, the independent review and examination of system records and activities in order to test for adequacy of system controls, to ensure compliance with established policy and operational procedures, and to recommend any indicated changes in controls, policy or procedures.
In continental European countries the thousands in numbers larger than9999 are pointed off.
In fact I'll give you$2.37 now, and50 cents a month until I have him paid for.
In fact, we have been expecting you for quite some time.
In football matches, referees are appointed to decide the contest, and also to see fair play.
In general statements, the sentence can be made plural
In heart's perspective the distance looms large.
In his address to the meeting, the mayor speak of the problem facing the town.
In his last post he was known as a clock watcher. If he comes that game here, he'll lose his job.
In making the selection we passed this short piece by quite inadvertently.
In microwave system the separate input from various sources must be brought together to give a composite input which is then transmitted and received by radio.
In most walks of life you only get out what you put in.
In my line of business you can't afford to carry large stocks of goods which may soon be out of date.
In my opinion, the house isn't worth the price they're asking.
In no circumstances must you forget to lock the safe.
In one breath he said"yes" and in the next he said"no"!
In our department, this rule has become a dead letter.
In place of the scholarly tome that many people expected of him, Mr White has produced a polemic, and not a very good one at that. As the woman said, we are not amused.
In printing, a line of dots, used to direct the eye along a printed line.
In programming, a character or group of characters that refers to a value and, in the execution of a computer program, corresponds to an address.
In rapture some little boys and girls were listening to an interesting story.
In reply to your letter of... concerning... we are glad to be able to/sorry to have to tell you that...
In running around the corner, John collided with another boy.
In spite of his efforts, he at last succumbed to the terrible fever and died in the hospital.
In spite of the fog we picked up a route without much difficulty.
In spite of this, some people including myself- were surprised by a recent exhibit of modern sculpture.
In such a position as to be able to play or receive a ball or puck legally.
In system development, the realization of a system design in hardware, software, or both.
In that case we will not look on with folded arms.
In the COBOL system, the information represented by a data item, arithmetic expression, or conditional expression.
In the basketball game we won against them by the heavy score of48 to22.
In the classroom and on the football field, John was nobody's fool.
In the course of things men of other ideas came to rule.
In the direction in which the wind blows.
In the end their army was beaten.
In the event of unforeseen economic developments, parts of the agency contract may be changed by mutual agreement.
In the film we saw a long line of coolies bent almost double under heavy loads.
In the massacre that followed the British quitting India, there was a photographer who made a sorrowing Indian family bury and rebury its dead several times till he got a perfect shot.
In the midst of all of our problems.
In the next year he obtained, through the good offices of an old friend, a post with a publishing firm which, though not highly paid, he found more congenial.
In the old society, who would look up to us?
In the past the voice of dissension had been quickly snuffed out.
In the portrait he is shown lying on a sofa.
In the same direction as the wind.
In the years immediately preceding the outbreak of war in1939, Hitler succeeded in annexing various parts of Europe to Germany without firing a shot.
In these lakes the fish swim deep and take a lot of catching.
In this camp, private soldier do not mess with officer
In this country, the weather is usually very awful.
In this particular tin-pot venture he'd sunk half the sum left him by his father.
In this situation it is common to say that nothing can be done until law and order is restored.
In this wet weather, grass runs riot in the vegetable beds.
In weal and woe.
In word processing systems, a feature that enables blocks of recorded text to be indented with different margins, while still retaining the original(fixed) margin settings.
In word processing, to print a document with even right and left margins.
In"blue pencil", the adjective"blue" qualify the noun"pencil".
In1909 Russia possessed over41000 miles of railway.
In1971 people in Bangladesh were exposed to every kind of danger flood, famine, disease and war.
Incapable of being expressed; indescribable or unutterable.
Incredibly, no one had ever thought of such a simple idea before.
Indeed, we lack practice and experience nowadays in dealing with primitive conditions.
Indian political leader who served as prime minister(1966-1977) and(1980-1984). She was assassinated by Sikh extremists.
Indicative of or threatening war.
Individual work; an individual portion.
Industrial park
Infatuated with her own success, she grew careless and failed in her next attempt.
Information shipper undercut at sacrifice for establish record
Initially the contract will be in effect for... years.
Inquire into the merits of a case
Inside the package.
Inspection tag
Instead of chucking them out, we made do with these old pieces of furniture.
Instead of using weight as a standard we use mass, because mass does not change.
Interest accrued from the money leave in my saving account.
Interference from one telegraph circuit to another telegraph circuit or into telephone circuits.
Interpreted his smile to be an agreement; interpreted the open door as an invitation.
Intoxicated by or as if by alcohol or a drug, such as cocaine or marijuana.
Intruded opinion into a factual report.
Investment is a hazardous business; even those who are in the swim sometimes come a cropper.
Invoked the help of a passing motorist.
Is Sam boring you again with his hobby horse about the Earth being colonized by creatures from outer space?
Is everything under control?
Is he home from work?
Is he your equal in play chess?
Is it feasible to finish the work by April?
Is it ok?
Is it worth all the trouble?
Is the coastal plain good for farming?
Is the meat done yet?
Is the woman sitting under a tree?
Is there another mail in the afternoon?
Is there anything in that box?
Is there your friend inside this town?
Is this lecture free or do we have to pay?
Issuable matters of probate.
It all depend on whether she like the boss or not.
It always cause me to see red whenever he tells a lie.
It appears to be a true story.
It began to rain suddenly, and the children all ran to seek shelter from the rain.
It can also refer to a long-term occupation.
It can refer to an academic subject or a practical skill.
It did not take long for the glory of our election victory to rub off.
It do not seem to matter much. We'll take it.
It doesn't make sense.
It doesn't work.
It feels like spring festival already!
It fits completely my viewpoint.
It gives us great pleasure to send you the samples asked for in your letter of...
It has come within the range of practical politics.
It has not been decided yet, I'll ring you back in half an hour.
It have many advantages.
It irks him to have to clean his house.
It is a black bear.
It is a deliberate action, often connected with battle and war.
It is a good team on paper, but its members play poorly together.
It is a recent purchase of mine.
It is a strange thing to behold, what gross errors and extreme absurdities many(especially of the greater sort) do commit, for want of a friend to tell them of them; to the great damage both of their fame and fortune.
It is a warm afternoon.
It is absurd that nobody had noticed them before, but there it is.
It is all over the town.
It is an adverb.
It is an open secret.
It is colder here than Beijing.
It is cruel to drown the cat in the river.
It is difficult at times to determine which is the principal or important term in a phrase.
It is difficult to find word worthy of the occasion.
It is disturbing to think a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quiet countryside.
It is easy to say that we will be good. It is harder to put the saying into practice.
It is fine. but if it were rainy, I'd take an umbrella with me.
It is his nature to be kind to the poor.
It is impossible for him to get off the contract.
It is impossible to underrate human intelligence—beginning with one's own.
It is just as you like.
It is ludicrous to call a simple split-level house a mansion.
It is most careless of me.
It is near dinner time.
It is not healthy for a young guy to stay coop up inside.
It is not possible to play back a tape on the vcr in this configuration, since there is no audio input for the vcr.
It is not within my province to interfere.
It is now unlawful for factories to emit black smoke into the air.
It is often cold in November and it rains sometimes.
It is one of the best bonds, both of chastity and obedience, in the wife, if she think her husband wise; which she will never do, if she find him jealous.
It is only the people with push who has a pull.
It is right to do so.
It is said that if anyone touches the tree, he will have bad luck; if he picks a leaf, he will die.
It is sheer fantasy to imagine that the cause of socialism is all plain sailing.
It is strange that such a man should pass for a scientist.
It is ten past four now.
It is the little bits of things that fret and worry us; we can dodge an elephant, but we can't a fly.
It is the unexpected that always happens.
It is used in answer to inquiries about health.
It is very fortunate of me to have you around.
It is warmer this morning.
It is within my scope.
It is400 kilometers.
It isn't wise to give anyone a line on what one is doing.
It looks as if Frank's holding all the high card.
It may be as well to cream off the top of the milk before you feed the baby with it.
It may not seem like such a big deal to you, but you can make profit in the long run.
It might be, I suppose.
It must be locked.
It must have hurt like hell.
It never rains but it pours.
It only needed a push and the whole building will come tumble down.
It rests with the President to decide.
It seem as if nothing have happen.
It seemed as if a storm about to break-the sea was gloomy and the clouds were as heavy as lead.
It seems as though there will be an election soon.
It seems that his life is off to a new start.
It seems to me.
It showered off and on all afternoon.
It suddenly occurred to one of the workers to open up the box.
It take about two weeks to go surface mail from here to London.
It takes a lot of practice to be really good at this sport.
It takes six years to qualify as a doctor.
It tastes of onions [pepper].
It took a long time to get to the core of the affair.
It took hours for the ruins to smoulder out.
It turns out that he was never there.
It wants4 inches of3 feet.
It was a book to kill time for those who like it better dead.
It was a dog-eat-dog competition.
It was a great blow to her when her mother died.
It was a long trudge up the hill.
It was a pleasure to receive your inquiry of June18 concerning the supply of our best electronic ovens.
It was an act of heroism to go back into the burning building to save the wounded trapped within.
It was billed as"the mother of all parades." And the organizers had promised that12 million pounds of confetti, a million yellow ribbons and6, 000 tons of ticker tape would be dropped on the veterans returning from the Persian Gulf war….
It was cold and starting to snow.
It was difficult to think through this maze of contradictory facts and statistics.
It was even as he said: the jewel was gone.
It was getting dark.
It was he who redeemed the occasion from utter failure by telling some of his funny stories.
It was not the lecture itself but the cliches in it that palled on her mind.
It was one of the most important discoveries ever made.
It was pure luck that he was home when we called.
It was raining when we set out.
It was said that the first man was moulded from clay by some kind of god.
It was so dark, we could see nothing.
It was some time before we struck the track.
It was utterly indifferent to her who he was.
It was very thoughtless of you to keep her waiting so long.
It was you who dropped the milk; you'll have to mop it up.
It wasn't easy, but what did I have to lose?
It will be a long time before we finish this dictionary.
It will be easier for us to push the sale if you can give us more commission.
It will be set fair for one week. Let's have a picnic.
It will take us till dooms day to clear up all this mess.
It won't make any difference to us; make no mistake about it.
It would be even more successful if the story lines were filled out.
It would give as great/the greatest of pleasure to attend to banquet.
It would take a long time to go into all the details, but I can give you the facts in
It'll be Christmas in three weeks.
It'll be there by this afternoon if we sent it regular.
It's a desk lamp.
It's a foolish idea;I hope you'll think better of it.
It's a good plan, but the opposition of the local people may be a stumbling block.
It's a light affliction and will last but for a season.
It's a mean trick.
It's a noted place for its pine tree and springs.
It's a pity that you forgot.
It's about ten o'clock.
It's acute appendicitis. We ought to operate.
It's all plain sailing.
It's all washed up anyway.
It's amusing to watch members jockeying for the Prime Minister's attention prior to Cabinet reshuffle.
It's an imposition to ask us to stay late at work.
It's awesome.
It's bound to turn out right.
It's cold outside, once warm within. You could've been somewhere else. Now it's bone to skin.
It's damp and cold. I think it's going to rain.
It's difficult to make friends with her; she's constantly on the offensive.
It's easier to be a Bernard Shaw to the British or American public than it is to be a Bernard Shaw to your own family.
It's eleven o'clock? let's turn in.
It's five minutes before ten.
It's hard to judge between the tow handicraft articles; they're both charming.
It's heavy going but they will finish the job eventually.
It's hurting worse than before.
It's in Chinese I can make little of it.
It's just as well you came- we needed someone with your experience.
It's late, I must run along.
It's make of silk.
It's nice.
It's no good. Guess I start looks too late.
It's no use asking Barry to help mend a car; he doesn't know one end of a spanner from the other.
It's no use sitting there crying. You can cry till kingdom come…you're still not getting any housekeeping money.
It's none of my business, but I think you ought to work harder.
It's not company policy to give credit without previous arrangement.
It's not fair Hazel always takes Edward's part whether he's right or wrong.
It's nothing to shout about. It's a piece of cake for you.
It's one of the standard books on the subject.
It's only her leg that's hurt.
It's pointless to try to read Saddam Hussein's mind. Whether he is playing to Islamic radicals or simply taking a final poke at George Bush, his confrontation with America and the world will soon be one more problem for Mr.Clinton.
It's quite a good film, but it's nothing to rave about.
It's quite something to be made a government minister while still less than30.
It's really cold.
It's started to snow. What price his arriving today now?
It's sure thing that he'll succeed at what he chooses to do because he's so talented.
It's the children's night out and I have to stay home with the nurse.
It's the third house on your right.
It's time I made some new curtains for the living room.
It's time that men of good sense and good will to intervene.
It's time to put away those foolish ideas.
It's trained hard for the last two years. No wonder he did so well at the track, and- field meet yesterday.
It's unfair.
It's up to us to help those in need.
It's very discouraging to be sneered at all time.
It's very kind of you to take the trouble to help me.
It's vital to impress the consumer with a good advertising campaign.
It's wise to stake out each freed prisoner for a few months after he gets out of prison.
Its course are enough to give the great bird with its immense wings sufficient sustenance and progress.
Its small dark edible fruit
Jack and Jill tumbled down the hill.
Jack did not know much about football, but his knowledge of cricket left us all standing.
Jack had to room with a friend when he first went to college, until he could find a place for himself.
Jack is a good man, but then he is so erratic.
Jack is totally in love with his girlfriend.
Jack was very late for their date, and Maggie told Jack in no uncertain terms what she thought of him.
Jack's idea of a good night out is to get blind drunk.
Jamaica
James rarely speak to his wife, he keeps her at arm's length.
Jane bought herself an old car, just for running around in.
Jane hates parties and always looks for a chance to withdraw into herself and not speak to people.
Jane is such a gossip, She was really cutting up Mrs. Jones.
Jane: You've got to be kidding. We all know you're one of the top students in the language lab class.
January is the coldest month in a year.
Japan's tomorrow.
Jazz always turns my father on, but it turns my mother off.
Jean is a blue-eyed girl.
Jeff is usually an abrasive character, but he can be as sweet as honey when he wants something.
Jerry has offered to take a share in the work.
Jim have not hold down a job for more than a year.
Jim saw that the firm was going to be ruined, so he pulled out.
Jim was a good wrestler but a poor boxer. He burned his boats by letting Bob choose how they would fight.
Jim's a great hand at organizing barbecues, but he often drinks too much and then burns the steaks.
Jim: Hmmm... Maybe you'd better tell me where the nearest motorcycle dealer is.
Jin Qiao promised to hand in the money early next morning.
Joan's not pretty, to be sure, but she's very intelligent.
John acts as if he were carrying the would on his back because he has a paper route.
John and Jean are keeping company but I don't think they'll ever marry.
John asked for a new deal after he had been punished for fighting in school.
John can keep all these dates in his head.
John couldn't keep cool when he met his rival.
John drew plans for a table for his mother, but he did not followthrough by making it.
John gets about all over Europe even though he hasn't got point a car.
John is always sticking his chin out by saying something he shouldn't.
John is in love with his work.
John is sad because he just got the sack from his girl.
John is very stubborn. He never eats his hat.
John like to play volleyball.
John made his property over to his wife.
John often plays the fool so it is difficult to know when to take him seriously.
John suddenly left, in something of a pet.
John tried to help the putt fall by using body English.
John was able to stay with the leading runner only in the first few loops.
John was hooked on heroin.
John was received into the Church when he was already an old man.
John will be my deputy while I am away.
John's been complaining of severe stomach pains all day. You'd better send him to bed and call the doctor.
Johnny was an outdoor man and could make himself at home in the woods at night.
Johnson's convincing speech won most of the committee to his opinions.
Jones is a common surname.
Journalism in which a news story is presented primarily through photographs with supplementary written copy.
Judge Stephens allowed no foolishness when he held court.
Judging by his accent, he must be from the South.
Judy, may I have a word with you in my office?
Just a moment...ok, I'll connect you. Hold on, please.
Just as the planets revolve about the sun, planetary electrons are thought of as revolving about the nucleus.
Just before the frost farmers everywhere rushed to give the land a good watering.
Just fancy(that)!
Just hear of your success sincerest congratulations and best wish for your future
Just like my luck! If I had been bred a hatter, little boys would have come into the world without heads.
Just miss a target, fail a test, reach the top
Just when we thought we had the matter nicely settled in stormed peter claiming the that the vote was irregular.
Justice will prevail over injustice.
Kate, come over here.
Keep a level head and phone the Fire Department.
Keep behind, that group of people will lead you to the cinema.
Keep from moisture!
Keep off the grass!
Keep your hands off me; or I'll knock you down.
Ken wanted to paint the room green but his wife had already chosen pink and he had no say in the matter.
Kevin is Ray's side- kick.
Killing seem normal now.
Kindly send us two samples of each class quote for.
King-size fitted sheets.
Knew the city inside out.
Knowledge or awareness; cognizance.
LIST SERVER
Lack of ability or means.
Lack of interest is a guarantee of failure.
Lack of the knowledge gained from experience.
Lacking animation, variety, or distinction; dull.
Lacking distinguishing qualities; not distinctive.
Lacking sophistication or worldly experience; naive.
Lacking warmth of feeling.
Lamb's essays.
Land or an area of land of high elevation, especially when level.
Language is peculiar to mankind.
Large air and navel forces were set into action.
Largest Florida county stops recount in blow to Gore.
Last year's tax demands are closing on them.
Lat let there be no ill will.
Later models of the car retained many features of the original.
Laugh while you can, fella.
Lavish or unrestrained expense; extravagance.
Lawyer is the only person in whom ignorance of the law is not punished.
Lay insensible where he had fallen.
Learn to creep before you leap.
Learning English takes quite a long time.
Leased or private, usually referring to communications lines or equipment.
Leave all the details to us.
Leave my daughter alone!
Leave the window open: we need some air in the house.
Led a massive military offensive.
Lenin fought stubbornly for the purity of Marxist theory.
Lessons from observing nature.
Let every man who pants for fame select his own style of pants and go ahead.
Let him have his fling now while he is young.
Let it alone!
Let me catch you up on all the gossip.
Let me explain why I was late.
Let me premise my argument with a bit of history.
Let me see, table linen,5, 000 sets, same type of set as before.
Let me sketch in a little more of our plans.
Let me top up your glass.
Let that fly stick to the wall.
Let the tea leaves steep in boiling water for five minutes.
Let up then beware of self-deception.
Let us, then, be up and doing,
Let's begin by look at the general plan of this project.
Let's call her up on the telephone and find out.
Let's choose up and play ball.
Let's cut the picture out of the newspaper.
Let's draw for partner?
Let's face it; you're getting too old to go hang gliding.
Let's go around the town, not through it.
Let's go home. They'll be wondering where we are.
Let's go round to Neville's house this evening.
Let's go to the dining-room.
Let's have a game of chess.
Let's have the house fixed up.
Let's hope the telly doesn't go off/out again.
Let's not get into the city's politics—that's a different can of worms.
Let's not walk so fast.
Let's pin the notice on the bulletin board.
Let's pull up these plants by the roots.
Let's read the play through at the first practice and put in the moves later.
Let's run in and see you parents this afternoon.
Let's see...oh. Yes, you have not fit it properly.
Let's take turns at doing it.
Let's treat the matter lightly.
Let's use blue ink.
Letter of hypothecation
Li Lan seldom goes out by herself.
Liberals sweep to victory in divided Canada.
Lie on a bed
Lifted their voices in song.
Light, playful banter.
Like Mr.Perot, the77-year-old Mr.Chung is campaigning on a platform that the country's current leadership has run the economy into the ground, though it is a tough argument in South Korea, where economic growth this year is running at more than7 percent.
Like fun I will!
Like teacher, like pupil.
Likes to dish out advice.
Linda broke out, "That's not so!"
Listen, Xiao Wang, that doesn't solve the problem.
Lit a lamp.
Little Tom was lolling about on the couch, eating sweets.
Liu: I had a dream of becoming a fighter pilot from my childhood. When I heard that there was a book titled"fighter", I was determined to find it.
Lived a day-to-day existence.
Lives ten minutes from school.
Living or located on an island.
Locusts swarmed over the field.
London is a financial centre.
Long experience enabled them to hammer out a correct and practical scheme.
Long- distance race is win by the runner with the greatest endurance.
Look at that sixteen-storey building!
Look at the versicolor skies.
Look forward to a hard year
Look, here's john! john- tom-, tom- john.
Looked to his neglected guitar during vacation.
Looking out the high window went to the woman's head.
Loose packing material used to protect a ship's cargo from damage during transport.
Los Angeles is a city of America.
Loss of physical or mental health
Lost of people insist on eating with a knife who were born with a silver spoon in their mouth.
Love is life in its fulness like the cup with its wine.
Love never dies of starvation but often of indigestion.
Love your neighbour, yet do not pull down your hedge.
Low grades are getting Hellen down.
Lower rates for telephone calls made during off-peak hours; travelers who take advantage of off-peak fares.
Luckily I was at home when he called.
Lucky(old) you!
Made a flying visit to the neighbors' house; took a flying glance at the report.
Made light and high by yeast or other leaven.
Made of or resembling flax.
Made up of amateurs.
Maggie showed me a hand-drawn map but I could make nothing of it.
Main civil court in England and Wales
Major Jack joined the army as a boy entrant and worked his way up.
Make sure his appointment doesn't clash with mine.
Make sure you don't smoke here!
Make up for
Makes no claim to be a cure.
Malcolm has been walking on air since he was offered that job he has been trying so hard for.
Man cannot live by bread alone.
Man is a rational being.
Manufacture an excuse.
Many a famous pop star has been ruined by drugs.
Many a person had been taken in by that trick.
Many are called but few are chosen.
Many children died with smallpox in the past.
Many different qualities go to the making of a President.
Many excellent intellectuals at the peak of their careers have been struck down by heart disease.
Many of the customs and rituals of this tribe were as old as the hills they dwelt among.
Many of them showed that they did not understand the importance of this question.
Many people are at a loss as to what to do in case of a real fire.
Many people don't like Mike, but I speak as I find, he's never done me any harm.
Many people prefer to be spectators, either by attending the games in person, or watching them on television, or listening to them on the radio.
Many people want to buy it because, for one thing, the price is low.
Many prisoners, on being freed, reverted to a life of crime.
Many workers have taken to the arts in the past few years.
Many young rock hounds grow up to be geologists.
Margin a transaction.
Marilyn is a pretty girl but that new barmaid at our local pub leaves her standing.
Mark cheated all his friends; he is just a lowdown son of a bitch.
Mark stole some money; Jones knew it and was holding it over him.
Marked by brutality or depravity.
Marketed in a finished condition in standard sizes. Used of clothing.
Marriage is a feast where the grace is sometimes better than the dinner.
Marry made a play for Jonathan as soon as she met him."I'm going to marry that boy." She told her friend.
Martin deposited the case in the left-luggage office.
Mary Ann can reasonably claim to have betting in her blood. Her father is a well-know London bookie with several shops.
Mary and her twin sister are the splitting image of each other.
Mary collects folk song records; and the records in the store window made her mouth water.
Mary herself is going to bake a cake.
Mary is always within call of her mother.
Mary is her mother's right hand.
Mary is the life and soul of any company she is in.
Mary left the house this morning and I haven't seen hide or hair of her since.
Mary must go home now, and Alden likewise.
Mary put a finger to her lips to signal silence.
Mary was afraid of falling from the ladder.
Mary was shy at her introduction to the whole class.
Mary went with Jim for two years before they were married.
Mary writes the least carefully and neatly in these five children.
Mary's hair style was in keeping with the latest fashion.
Mary's uncle gave her a sure-enough pearl on a little gold chain.
Masonry is a careful skill.
Maxim seems to be particularly fond of her.
May I be allowed to use this typewriter?
May I clip out the report on my performance?
May I have a party?
May I have the pleasure of addressing Mr. Chairman?
May I help you? Please.
May I make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon?
May I try on this sweater?
May he rest in peace!
May we go home, please?
May you have a fine trip.
Maybe he can help to break the shock to her.
Maybe you can't really blame him, but Mayor Koch obviously hasn't looked at himself in the mirror lately, especially when he says President Reagan is a wimp. I guess it takes one to know one.
Meal times are shown on the notice board.
Medical supplies are flied in under the aegis of the red cross.
Meeting likely carry over tomorrow director an oppose against majority, which may result unsuccessful.
Members of his family have sat for the town for over a century.
Memory is a child walking along a seashore. You can never tell what small pebble it will pick up and store away among its treasured things.
Men hate an"uppity" woman; they also hate an"aggressive" woman. Ours has been a Jane Crow society for several thousands of years.
Men of the north.
Mental acceptance of and conviction in the truth, actuality, or validity of something.
Michael always liked to please the fair sex; but they generally laughed at him.
Mick's Field was thereafter forbidden to them but, for no better reason than that stolen sweets are always sweeter, they did sometimes play there.
Middle-brow writers, books, music, interests
Mike Jackson, the new pop singer, was certainly a hit with the audience at the Playhouse Theatre last night.
Mike longed to do something for the people across the sea.
Mildred phoned to say she has a splitting headache and won't be coming to work today.
Milk comes from cows or other animals.
Mind you. That dog is very dangerous when provoked.
Minerva forbore no longer, nor interposed any further advice.
Misconduct that cheapened a high office.
Miss Grace disdain speaking ill of others.
Miss Powel went to town every third day.
Missed my connection in Atlanta.
Mix the flour with some milk.
Money building interest in a savings account; build support for a political candidate.
Money has no smell.
Money make by selling fix asset or by selling share at a profit
Money talks, that's for sure. All the best seats were reserved for the big shots.
Monkeys are imitative.
Moral disapproval; condemnation.
More and more countries in Europe are beginning to incline towards some form of socialism.
Morris is of those who can always get money at a pinch.
Most animals let their young fend for themselves from an early age.
Most economists here say that California's economic slump has not bottomed out and that it may grow worse before the earliest projected recovery in1995.
Most honest; most impatiently.
Most of Sahara receives almost no rain at all.
Most of the Sahara is uninhabitable.
Most of the houses in this street are owner-occupied.
Most people are right-handed.
Most people know electricity standing still is no more useful than is a stationary belt between a steam engine and a machine to be driven.
Most plants develop from seeds.
Most southern town have suffer from the reckless depredation of the armed gang.
Mother always buys many things at the January wither sale to save money.
Mother dealt three candies each.
Mother is all of a flutter because of thunder and lightning.
Mother's milk is believed to help a suckling child avoid disease.
Motion to adjourn a sit until the following day
Mount a horse; mount a platform.
Move back! There is a bomb in this building.
Move up, please; you are taking up more than half the bench.
Moving air carrying sound, an odor, or a scent.
Moving, acting, or occurring with great speed; swift.
Mr Green had been out of work for several months and was on his uppers.
Mr Hill: Good afternoon. I believe that this house is for sale.
Mr Johnson is now under my feet.
Mr Jones played fairy godmother to the boys and had a baseball field made for them.
Mr Markham established his son in business.
Mr Robinson wants to pay in kind for the bike.
Mr Smith found the steaming jungle a living death.
Mr Wilson's neighbors say his flowers grow because he has a green thumb.
Mr. Brown painted his living room blue.
Mr. Green spoke highly of our city.
Mr. Li is on the CAAC flight from Beijing to London.
Mr. Sandy decide to postpone deliver a lecture.
Mr. Smith will not be in until eleven.
Mr. Wang lives in Hongkong.
Mr.Smith has been asked to arbitrate between the employers and their workers.
Mr.William is getting ore now.
Mrs Fiedler makes a little money go a long way.
Mrs Jones, the supervisor, really queens it over the girls in the typing pool.
Mrs Smith enjoys setting people at loggerheads.
Mrs White experiments on her husband before she serves a new dish to their guests.
Mrs. Jerky: Well, to be quite frank, I'm not so hot, young lady. This morning, my dog got hit by a car.
Much thanks your favour of yesterday with a cheque, value$600,000, which we have passed to your credit.
Mud clings to our shoes.
Mummy treats me just like a baby, which I can't bear.
Muscovites have always resented the crafty Georgians minting money out of them by selling commodities they need. But the prospect of no supplies at all is even worse. Thereby hangs a tale and Russian are spellbound by the latest Georgian saga which has been unfolding.
Music was the love of his life.
Must he always pound on the table to make his point?
Must you sweep the house by yourself?
My aunt lived through the worst years of the depression.
My best regards to you and Ruth.
My black hair have turn completely grey.
My boss have give me a free hand in deciding which outside contractor to use.
My boyfriend always arrives late. Last night I decided to give him a taste of his own medicine by keeping him waiting for half an hour.
My brother flashed out at my mother, "Nothing is wrong with me."
My brother insisted on salvaging his bag that had fallen into the lake a year ago and finally he broke through and found it.
My car's got engine trouble.
My children eat well.
My coat is thicker than yours.
My considered opinion; a considered policy involving a measured response to provocations.
My daughter has grown out of all her old clothes.
My daughter is the light of my life.
My dear, I've been hunting for you everywhere.
My face peeled.
My father ask me to account for my conduct.
My father has had a hard life and it's time he eased off a bit.
My father must have been enraged dashing the book down to the floor.
My father sat upright, straight as a ramrod, while the doctor explained to him the serious nature of his illness.
My father was shocked. Now we are not allowed to touch it.
My favorite part of travel is to meet new people, have new friendship.
My friend put me in a white-collar slot.
My friends merged into the crowd and I lost sight of them.
My girlfriend.
My grandfather left me a gold watch in his will, but then he always had a soft spot for me.
My grandmother's eyes are going back on her.
My hands are clean.
My head spins.
My husband has put the screws in the wood as tightly as he can, but they won't stop in, they keep slipping out.
My husband wanted to buy a puppy, but I would have to look after it so I put my foot down and said No.
My income was doubled yesterday.
My job is teaching English.
My last job lacked variety; I was doing the same things all the time.
My life alternated between work and sleep.
My lord: I wipe the slate as far as the witchcraft goes. None the less, we must burn the woman.
My mother made no difficulty when I bought a new car.
My mother was left with three children.
My muscles are sore from lifting weights.
My native language is Chinese.
My nephew is a baseball player. He is a catcher.
My new hi-fi has so many lights and switches that I was all at sea when I first tried to use it.
My nose is raw from blowing it so much.
My past's work is exerted very much, and so always feels tired.
My plan has not been carried out with effect.
My powers of recall are not what they were.
My rent was due yesterday; I must take it to the landlord today because I only get a day's grace.
My roommate sniff at my idea of becoming an artist.
My season ticket means that I can travel any number of times during the stated period.
My shirt is kicking around on the floor somewhere.
My son has become so naughty recently-he really was a bit much last week.
My son wants to be a scientist when he grows up.
My statement didn't come out as I had intended.
My suggestion didn't penetrate.
My telephone is at your service until yours is repaired.
My tooth has bored through two caves.
My uncle farms in Canada.
My watch is faster than yours.
My weekends are sacrosanct.
My wife doesn't really care for tea; she likes coffee better.
My wife is expecting.
My wife talks nineteen to the dozen and I hardly ever get a chance to speak.
My wife's in hospital our baby could arrive at any time.
My work comes first, my family comes next.
Nash did not live a cloistered existence nor was he spared the shocks that flesh is heir to.
National feelings on the subject have tended to run high and some have even voiced their opinions in the newspapers.
Naturally the way we get these prospect is by local advertising.
Nature seems to be wakened from a deep sleep.
Near the average in size.
Nearly30 years ago he bought his first job lot of50 books for$3.
Need he come at once?
Neither of them speak Japanese.
Nellie thinks the world of her husband and would do anything to please him.
Never before had she written so many complaints.
Never despair.
Never had he had any experience like that.
Never in his life had he gazed on such beautiful scenes.
Never mind what people say.
New York City's Third Avenue is full of gin mills.
New broom sweeps clean.
New hotels are poking into the sky.
New perspectives opened up before us.
Newcomers to Hawaii should be warned not to sit in the sun too long-they'll get their brains fried.
News of his death was cabled to his family.
Newspapers and magazines.
Nick found no faults in any of the parts but still couldn't make the wretched lamp work.
Night as an image of death.
Ninety per cent of the country lies in the temperate zone.
No bidder shall be permitted to alter his bid after the bid has been open.
No crops were planted. Except in north-west Europe and the far northland it was all Man could do to exist.
No easy fix for an intractable problem.
No fuss was made in my day if a new writer took from an old one whatever material he found congenial.
No matter what happened, I will not say a word.
No matter what you do, never lose heart.
No matter who point out our shortcoming, we will correct them.
No mortal power can perform it.
No one can attest to the absolute truth of his statement.
No one can plead ignorance of a subject any longer, for there are countless do- it- yourself publications.
No one dared to speak out against the injustice.
No one shall dictate to me.=I won't be dictated to.
No one would have known our plans if Jim hadn't made a slip of the tongue.
No power on earth could force me to do it.
No reason to connect the two events.
No self-making man ever do such a good job that some woman do not want to make a few alteration.
No sooner had they started than it began to rain.
No time like the present.
No, I don't think there can be any doubt.
No, I must not be late for class.
No, I'd better not object to his proposal.
No, actually, that sort of thing isn't for me.
No, do not bother. It's all right as it be.
No, it isn't.
No, it's too old for us to drive.
No, there's no need. These are perfectly all right.
No, you can't have a motorbike-by no means.
No. I called you earlier, someone come to jump- start the car about15 minute ago.
Nobel's greatness lay in the outstanding ability to combine the quality of an original scientists with those of a forward-looking industrialist.
Nobody can turn back the wheel of history.
Nobody has ever set foot on that island.
Nobody knew what had caused him to blaze out in anger.
None are so blind as those who won't see.
None of the answers are right.
None of them are workers.
None of us had ever set eyes on a generator before.
None of your old buck.
Nora arrived at the party dressed to kill, causing every head to turn in admiration.
Not Daniel, if you don't mind-Mr Green to you.
Not attended by or bringing good fortune; unlucky.
Not by theoretical English professors, but by practical, hard-headed scholars who have been searching for the secrets of success.
Not competent or skillful; inept.
Not differently from; like
Not essential; unessential.
Not feeling or exhibiting appreciation.
Not for the first time my will came up against my wife's.
Not lawful; illegal.
Not measuring up to standards or expectations.
Not only did I know her, but I was her best friend.
Not only was everything that he had taken away from him, but also his German citizenship.
Not pregnant. Used of a cow.
Not really. Last year it was much cooler. You're not from around here, then?
Not safe; dangerous.
Not true to duty or obligation; disloyal.
Not written or printed on; blank.
Nothing at all has been decided. What is the point in coming all this way?
Nothing can compensate me for the loss of my wife.
Nothing contents her.
Nothing ever happens in this town.
Nothing is ill that ends well.
Nothing would please me more than that my son should pass the entrance examination.
Notified the citizens of the curfew by posting signs.
Now I know where to go when I feel homesick.
Now and again the hunter can hear a long-draw dolorous whine of some unseen coyote.
Now come, Mr Smith, just help yourself. The roast duck has to be eaten piping hot.
Now he resolved to take up productive labour.
Now is your chance.
Now that I've paid the tax demand and the children's school fees, I'll be head-over-heels in debt for the next six months.
Now that my mother has a telephone, it's much easier to get in touch with her.
Now that they were all there she might as well speak her mind.
Now that you tell me about the man's relationship with his wife, the whole picture falls into place.
Now their children all go to school.
Now they have hospital of their own.
Now we can reduce the production costs with the help of the computer.
Now, let's get down to work.
Now, stir in the beaten eggs.
Nowadays many people die of cancer.
Nuclear physics is a closed book to most of us.
Numerical data linearly ordered by magnitude.
Nylon-dries in seconds.
Object repository support for creating shared, reusable form and data module.
October shipment stockless revert when available
Of a little knowledge is dangerous, where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger?
Of all the men whom she had ever seen, he was far and away the nicest and best.
Of course I can speak Mandarin.
Of course she's proud of what you've done.
Of course, an alternative view may be(that) it's not easy to persuade people to drive less and walk more.
Of enormous size or magnitude; huge.
Off!= Be off!
Offer renewal now negotiating keep your potential buyer
Office or business of a press agent
Official permission to be absent from work or duty, as that granted to military or corporate personnel.
Often undue concern for morality.
Oh dear, I am ever so sorry.
Oh no, have I got to?
Oh, Mrs. White, can you spare me a minute?
Oh, come now!
Oh, do you really think so?
Oh, hard line!
Oh, it is good news.
Oh, mother, do go out and stop them playing this dangerous game.
Oh, no! I can not stop! Help! I am going to crash!
Oh, they are very dull actually.
Oh, what a nice day! It's a good day to make call on some customer.
Oh, yes. Nice to meet you, Zhou Lin. Thank you for coming to meet me.
Oil has an aptitude to burn.
Oil-bearing crops have also registered marked increases.
Ok, ok- just try to calm down, sir, and tell me where you are and what's happened.
Okay. Well, em, can you stop at the chicken store?
Oliver was sent down for taking part in a demonstration against racial discrimination.
On Kennedy's death, Johnson succeeded.
On Sunday night he was as quiet as a mouse.
On a gamble he raised his sombrero.
On account of his illness, he was never left alone.
On average, 15 worth of goods is stole every day.
On dictation equipment, a device for accurate alignment of playback head, or combined head, to the track on the recording medium.
On one occasion he hanged twenty heretics, including a minister, at a single heat.
On our way to Shanghai yesterday we ran out of gas.
On some minor points members of the committee divide with one another.
On the battlefield such a coward like him would surely lie down and curl up.
On the face of it, you are right.
On the main road the ear began to open up.
On the plaintiff's application for summary judgment the master give the defendant unconditional leave to defend.
On this they were agreed.
On your marks! Get set! Go!
Once a knave, ever a knave.
Once he arrives we can start.
Once he opens his mouth, he never stops.
Once it is given a"program", a computer can gather a wide range of information from outer space or from the depths of the ocean.
Once the crop has rooted in this soil, it should grow well.
One boy is rowing while the other boy in the boat is dangling around his legs in the cool water of the lake.
One can qualify for the hall of fame by murdering sufficient people in a sufficiently interesting way.
One cold winter morning we parted from each other.
One day Rivers learns that an uncle of Jane's, John Eyre, has recently died in Madeira and has left Jane￡20, 000.
One day, by chance, Goodyear dropped a small piece of molded rubber on to a stove at the same time a piece of sulphur slipped out of his hand.
One eighth of a circle.
One evening, John and I had a talk. He bared his heart to me, then we have understood each other better.
One man went ahead to see if the road was clear.
One more thing, I also need a couple more of hangers.
One night, we closed with the enemy.
One of a matching pair or set of things
One of a set of independent variables that express the coordinates of a point.
One of his less attractive traits is criticizing his wife in public.
One of our biggest problems is stealing in the wine department.
One of the four brightest satellites of Jupiter and the sixth in distance from the planet. Originally sighted by Galileo, it is the largest planetary satellite.
One of the major aims of the air raid was the complete demolition of all means of communications by bombing.
One of the packages was damaged in transit.
One of the pieces used in playing jacks.
One of the scheduled events is a talk on flower arranging.
One of the straws or sticks used in this game.
One of the ways to dissipate perspiration is by convection.
One should adapt oneself to the changed conditions.
One solution to the problem of religious instruction that many public schools have adopted is a system of released time for religious instruction.
One that acts as a mediator.
One that bakes, especially a portable oven.
One that cannot be corrected or reformed.
One that crawls, especially an early form of certain insect larvae.
One that edges, such as a tool for trimming the edge of a lawn.
One that is or is regarded as a source of salvation in a crisis.
One that lags; a straggler.
One that makes peace, especially by settling disputes.
One that prepares and sells drugs and other medicines; a pharmacist.
One that seeks adventure.
One that transports household or office goods from one location to another as an occupation.
One thief informed against the others.
One who betrays one's country, a cause, or a trust, especially one who commits treason.
One who conducts sessions or teaches at a clinic.
One who discriminates against or who is hostile toward or prejudiced against Jews.
One who engages in deception under an assumed name or identity.
One who gives a code of laws to a people.
One who has legal title to something; an owner.
One who holds an appointed office in a government.
One who is regarded as deficient in judgment, sense, or understanding.
One who keeps vigil, as at a sick person's bedside.
One who lures a vessel to destruction, as by a display of lights on a rocky coastline, in order to plunder it.
One who murders by surprise attack, especially one who carries out a plot to kill a prominent person.
One who performs menial tasks for another.
One who presides over a meeting, forum, or debate.
One who rides horses in races, especially as a profession.
One who writes, especially as an occupation.
One wing of the army rested on the hills.
One's home is the best place to be
One, especially a robber or prostitute, who walks the streets at night.
One, such as an investor, that sells securities or commodities in expectation of falling prices.
Only a few journalists were allowed inside.
Only a week after the fire in store it was business as usual.
Only the shell of the factory is left after the fire has been put out.
Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money-box.
Ooh, I know there is something I mean to tell you, we have get an invitation from Derby to celebrate Christmas.
Open tender for purchasing power transformer.
Open the window; it's sweltering in here!
Open your mouth wide so that I can look at your throat.
Openings and closings were all accomplished with majestic rituality.
Oranges and lemons are citrus fruits.
Order, please, Mr. Blunt, address your remarks to the chair.
Ordinary numbers use base10, but most computer work to base2.
Originating or existing during the same period; lasting through the same era.
Other denominational differences have to do with church government.
Otherwise he would still be teaching, because his heart and soul were still in the classroom with his students.
Our Canadian cousins.
Our budget has been pared to the bone.
Our car bowled along the smooth country roads.
Our cat caught a very big rat last night.
Our children enjoyed watching the ebb and flow of the tide when we were spending the weekend at the seaside.
Our clock keeps good time.
Our company is ahead of other makers of soap.
Our conversation touched on many subjects.
Our dog went at the postman.
Our enemy come nearer the truth in their opinion of us than we do in our opinion of ourselves.
Our factory was bombed out at that time, but we soon managed to go into production again.
Our fighters are required to be good fighters, producers and workers among the masses.
Our flag is raised to the top of a pole by a rope and two pulley.
Our foreman, Mr. Li Ming, met an accident on July6. He crushed his forefinger when operating a machine.
Our generous hostess heaped our plates with food.
Our house is too large for just the two of us and so we spent part of the weekend seeing over some flats with a view to buying one.
Our institute is clamping down on those who often play truant.
Our last hope has evaporated.
Our lorry rolled on through the morning wind.
Our manager's an easygoing person; she never gets angry.
Our names are the light that glows on the sea waves at night and then dies without leaving its signature.
Our new model be already on the stock and will be available in the autumn
Our plan was chucked out by had weather.
Our players opened up with forward passes.
Our price is much lower than that in the international market.
Our production goes steadily up.
Our record of slum-clearance cast other cities in the shade.
Our room opened upon a view of the bay.
Our school is gearing up for an increased intake of pupils.
Our teacher does not as stern as theirs.
Our team asked for time out to discuss a new plan.
Our team has won the football match.
Our team were at the bottom of the local competition, but now they are drawing ahead.
Our terms, as our invoice states, are2% cash discount, only within ten days of date of invoice.
Our troops charged at the enemy lines.
Our vicar often leaves off his dog collar and comes to the discos at the youth club.
Out of true.
Outlawed the sale of firearms.
Outside the jurisdiction of the court
Over the past12 years, American and Chinese leaders have met frequently to discuss a whole host of issues.
Overcome with emotion, he pressed her hand and left her.
Overnight the sea had washed up a lot of rubbish.
Owed their riches to oil; owes her good health to diet and exercise.
Pageants and their presentation.
Pain that never eased.
Palm computer
Paper coated with a sticky, sometimes poisonous substance, used to catch flies.
Parcel receipt
Parents must be firm with their children.
Parked the baby with neighbors; parking cash in a local bank account.
Pass the news down to the people at the end of the table.
Passengers may only take aboard the aircraft a minimum of hand luggage.
Passport No
Paternity case; paternity suit.
Patrick's cousin is hard work! He's very correct, very courteous—and dead from the neck up.
Paul gave his ears to save his son's life.
Paul was formerly one of our best salesman, but recently he has begun to lose his grip.
Peaceful relations, as between nations; friendship.
Penetrated the home-computer market with an affordable new model.
People are campaigning to abate the noise in our city.
People become uninhibited when they drink.
People concentrate in cities not only to get jobs but to take advantage of cultural facilities.
People from England are called Englishmen.
People have their own ideas. Some like danger. Some like security. It takes all sorts to make a world.
People traveling on this bus bought their tickets in books.
People who eat too much die early.
People who work in library spend a lot of time classify book.
Pepper, curry and mustard are hot.
Perfectly satisfactory; fine.
Perhaps I shall pay a visit to them this winter.
Perhaps his conscience troubled him.
Perseverance and pluck will carry a man through many difficulties.
Person or thing that is better
Person who is a very familiar figure in some activity or place
Person's appearance, manner or style
Personally, I am quite content with Scotland.
Persons interested in the book's history should see page one of the preface.
Pertaining to a quality implying a close logical relationship with, and importance to, the matter under consideration.
Peter is on holiday; he is touring Italy.
Peter remained on friendly terms with Christ notwithstanding Christ's having healed his mother-in-law.
Peter was afraid he had done badly on the test, and sure enough, his grade was failing.
Peter's work always gives satisfaction for which he has been promoted twice in a matter at less than two years.
Pets may communicate some kinds of diseases.
Phillip is packing up his goods.
Physical and chemical tests verify that this Recovery Device has neither radioactive pollution nor toxic side effects.
Pile on more coal the fire is going out.
Pink sock are not allowed.
Pity is a lever for quickening love.
Place where animals go to wallow
Plagiarists, at least, have the merit of preservation.
Plans for the picnic are still in the air since we can't decide where to go.
Plants considered as a group, especially the plants of a particular country, region, or time.
Pleasant hours fly past.
Please accept our sincere apologies for the error in your bank statement.
Please advise us immediately after you have obtained the necessary import license.
Please ask her to call me back when she's back.
Please bring me one.
Please call for me when you go; don't leave me behind.
Please cash this money order.
Please do!
Please don't leave without me.
Please don't wait dinner for us.
Please excuse my dog. He barks at everyone.
Please fill in the arrival card.
Please forgive me. I didn't mean to start a fight.
Please give me a chance to explain.
Please inform us what special offer you can make us based on a quantity of500 tons.
Please keep the children from swimming in the sea.
Please leave us for a minute or so, I have some private business to transact with your brother.
Please let me pass.
Please look at its crust.
Please note my words.
Please pass me the razor.
Please reassure the owners and managers not to get so uptight about something that makes the day a little pleasant.
Please repeat last month's order for:
Please say that again.
Please send me literature about your tour to italy.
Please settle your account immediately.
Please sober down a bit; I've got some important news for you.
Please stay for dinner.
Please turn back to page3 and start again from there.
Please verify each item you have pricked down.
Please write your home address on the registration form.
Pleasing; satisfying
Plug a leak in the barrel
Poetry correlates inner experience and social reality.
Poland's crash program toward capitalism and a market economy went into full force yesterday and prices for many items were immediately increased.
Political leaders exploded a bombshell when they picked the young lawyer to run for mayor.
Polluted air hangs over the city.
Poor Jane has been moping the whole week away. I'm getting quite worried about her.
Poor fellow, he's quite knocked over by the news.
Poor weather knocked up our trip.
Popular
Positive Responses
Poverty reduced him to begging for a living.
Powerful shock absorbers cushion our landing.
Practicing is tiresome, but stick with it and some day you will become a good pianist.
Precautions of this sort are necessary, for it is impossible to foretell the exact nature of the difficulties which will confront the potholer.
Prejudice is absent from his mind.
Prepare to work or fight
Presented a careful argument for extraterrestrial life.
Prevention of or protective treatment for disease.
Price have fall due to a reduce demand for the goods.
Price prohibitive of business as buyer market prevailing here
Prices are likely to steady.
Prices leveled off.
Pride and Prejudice
Principal
Produce rubber from petroleum by synthesis
Producing or capable of producing a desired effect.
Product engineer
Prof Smith gives a good account of an out-and-out coward.
Professor Fang worked out a method to destroy bacteria on the seeds.
Profit multiply in the boom year.
Progress toward a goal.
Prosecute counsel asked the accused to explain why the can of petrol was in his car.
Proven and reliable; trustworthy
Providing a reasonable basis for belief or acceptance.
Puberty
Publicity agents were beating the drum about the new star.
Pull out the wire until it is very thin.
Pump out a flooded basement.
Put down that knife before you hurt somebody!
Put it in writing.
Put on more steam, comrades!
Put some liquid on and let it soak in naturally.
Put the bread under the grill to make the toast for breakfast.
Put the light on, please.
Put these invoice in numerical order.
Quantity production
Queue forme at the ticket office when the news of the fare reduction get out.
Quickly when hung up to drip
Quite a few people have filed for district attorney.
Quitting is a bad way to embark on life, and that young person really ought to snap out of it.
Radar is used to detect objects in the air or at sea.
Radio2 can be heard on the long wave band.
Range or scope of influence or effect.
Rather than relieving the situation, his action aggravated it.
Raw Deal
Re-collect monies owed.
Reacted to the latest crisis with listless resignation.
Read the document well before you sign it.
Readily seen; visible.
Really? Lucky old you. You really deserve it.
Reasoned out a solution to the problem.
Received flowers from an unknown admirer.
Recent happenings were jumbled up in her nard with events recalled from early childhood.
Recently, I feel tired no matter what I do.
Recline one's head on [upon]...
Recover from fatigue
Refusing to lie up, the retired worker took an active part in the work of the neighbour-hood committee.
Regret being an appalling waste of energy; you can not build on it; it's only good for wallow in.
Rejoicing over the decision, the peasants rushed to volunteer for the work.
Relating to bodily fluids, especially serum.
Relating to or being an agnostic.
Relating to or composed of elements at different levels, as of society.
Relating to or designating the sign(-).
Relating to, measured from, or with respect to the center of the earth.
Relative lack of warmth.
Reliance on something in the future; hope.
Religious thinkers may work out a new interpretation of life.
Remember my promise.
Remember you are one of the masters now, so speak up and tell us what you think.
Remove paint from the brushes with white spirit
Request
Research that covers a wide field
Resembling an abyss in depth; unfathomable.
Resembling or suggestive of a feather, as in form or lightness.
Reshipped goods
Respect is due to teachers.
Restated the obvious.
Ribbing a friend for being helplessly in love.
Rich widow are only secondhand goods that sell at first- class price.
Rick be foolish to be take in by her.
Right at the center of this evil plain there yawns a very wide, deep well, whose structure.
Right, we agree then. We'll meet back here at the bus stop in one hour.
Rinse all the soap out of your hair after you wash it.
Rising tensions have turned the area into a powder-keg and any incident could set off a riot.
Rocks weather until they are worn away.
Roll on the holiday season- I do enjoy lying in bed and doing nothing.
Roman philosopher. Falsely accused of treason, he wrote The Consolation of Philosophy, an account of classical thought, while awaiting his execution.
Room service. May I help you?
Roses graft well on brier roots.
Round and round frozen lake the children skated.
Roy took up a station by the pier head so that he could watch all the coming boats.
Run ribbon through holes and fasten it off at the wrist with a neat bow.
Running the length of the field, he was able to touch the ball down just in time.
Russian-born American economist. He won a1973 Nobel Prize for devising the input-output technique of economic analysis.
Rye lodged by the cyclone.
Sailing close to the wind.
Sale have stick at2 million for the last two years.
Sales began to drop and the company was soon in the red. They had to sell the building.
Sam placed his new book on one side for a year while he wrote some magazine articles and informative material.
Sample number
Sanitary conditions had deteriorated to such an extent that there was widespread danger of disease.
Satellite
Save your strength for the hard work you'll have to do later.
Saw through the disguise all along.
Say to the teacher why you're late.
Science has brought about many changes in our lives.
Scientists are now on the threshold of an important discovery.
Scientists may work out a new interpretation of that phenomenon.
Scotch and water, please.
Scrape out ashes from a furnace
Scrupulously or conscientiously; regularly
Searching through a drawer, I came upon the letter I'd been looking for.
See if you can hook it with this pole.
See that you get there in time.
See you Friday.
Seedlings that are hardened off in a hotbed
Seeing the ball coming his way, the man fell back a pace.
Seemingly everyone likes the zebra.
Seldom seen, soon forgotten.
Send her my best regards.
Senior Employee
Sent the package by the most expeditious means.
Serious lack of circulating fund forced the closure of the company.
Serving as or relating to a prosthesis.
Serving to inform; providing or disclosing information; instructive.
Set against a brilliant background of blue sky, the summit of the mountain is grey.
Several clients are waiting in the other room.
Several helpful boys see the disabled-girl home every day.
Several of the apples are bad.
Several properties in this street are to be let.
Several trees came to the ground in last night's storm.
Sewn with close, vertical stitches drawing two edges together, with each stitch passing over the seam formed by the edges.
Shadow is longer when the sun is low in the sky.
Shall I neaten up the side?
Shall I tell him you'd call back, or do you want him to call you?
Shall we call it a night for now and continue our discussion tomorrow?
Shall we go out for dinner tonight? Or would you rather stay home and take potluck?
Shall we make a move now?
Shall we take up the question of inspection today?
Shameful or disgraceful action, conduct, or character.
She acts as a private secretary to him.
She affiliated her child to Smith.
She always eats her lunch at noon.
She always put her little son across her knee.
She always takes the lead when we plan to do anything.
She angles her reports to suit the people she is speaking to.
She applied whatever strength she had left to the task.
She be go to be a timekeeper at the track meet
She beg them not to punish her son severely.
She behaved deplorably.
She bent over backwards to show it.
She blushed at the thought of it.
She bought a set of furniture on easy terms.
She braved her parents displeasure by marrying him.
She came by the data from various sources.
She came to herself.
She can feel her heart pounding painfully as she finished the race.
She can reason very clearly.
She can't just be written off as an eccentric recluse.
She carried off the screaming child.
She caught up a popular neologism from the newspapers.
She consumed most of her time in reading.
She could feel her heart pounding painfully as she finished the race.
She could only flounder through her song.
She couldn't speak for laughing.
She crossed herself as she left the church.
She cut the apple in two.
She dashed off a letter to her mother.
She did not want to face those people again.
She didn't know they were playing on her sympathies.
She didn't tell me she had been there;she's been holding out on me.
She disobeyed her mother and went to the party.
She do not have to work on Saturday.
She does fuss the children about so-making sure they're well wrapped up, and worrying about minor illnesses.
She doesn't go out now, for she is very old.
She embraced her baby.
She entered all the events of the day in her diary.
She expatiated on the thrills of her trip.
She failed to call the office to cancel her appointment.
She feared for the lost child.
She feels equal to the task.
She fell in a fit.
She find it very difficult to answer the question.
She fitted me for a new jacket.
She floundered through the song.
She followed her sister about everywhere.
She found a lump in her left breast.
She fulfilled herself both as a qualified mother and as a successful painter.
She gave a quiet cough to attract my attention.
She get the door open, but only with some difficulty.
She give her parents a song and dance about have to use their car.
She glanced at him with meaning.
She go pale at the news.
She got a divorce after years of unhappiness.
She got off the bus and made straight for the office.
She grabbled about in her bag.
She had led a life of luxury and privilege.
She had proved that she could be relied on in a crisis.
She had three servants attending on her.
She had worked for the firm for twenty years and was in a position of trust.
She happily accepts and they are married. They soon have a child.
She has a gold chain about her neck.
She has a piano on loan from her friend.
She has been thick with that family for years.
She has clapped a telegram for me.
She has experienced many hardships in the course of their journeys, but all her fatigue completely vanishes at the sight of her beloved antiques.
She has got up in new costume.
She has huffed poor Mr Williams all to pieces.
She has made so many mistakes that her days must be numbered in that job.
She has not one dram of learning.
She hasn't been out riding since the accident.
She hates working—She's going to pack it in and go on holiday.
She have a right to the property.
She have go into banking.
She have take an option on that piece of land.
She heard voices and realized that there were three people in the next room.
She held to her resolutions.
She inscribed his name on the book.
She invited the boy to come and see her at Paris.
She is a conspicuous figure.
She is a great movie fan.
She is a near friend of ours.
She is a stewardess.
She is a woman of great perception.
She is busy dishing out food to the guests.
She is crazed about the film star.
She is dismayed at the news of her husband's failure.
She is expert at Chinese boxing.
She is gaga about jazz.
She is growing into a beautiful young woman.
She is in her thirty but looks old for her age.
She is not yet sure if she can trust him.
She is one of the best singers around.
She is picky about what she eats because she is on a diet.
She is quick to notice the ambiguity in the article.
She is selective in the dresses she wears.
She is so particular about her housework that servants will not work for her.
She is such a woman full of good will to all of us.
She is very lazy. She likes to sleep.
She is wearing a silk scarf.
She is--how shall I put it--not exactly fat, but rather well-built for her age.
She just charmed the very soul out of him.
She keeps nagging me; she's always on my back.
She kept up her spirits by singing.
She knew the children were up to mischief.
She led a rather hard life.
She left the sentence unfinished.
She lettered in three collegiate sports.
She likes Beethoven very much.
She likes to wipe the windows with a very soft cloth.
She lived three years here.
She locked her arms about his neck.
She lose all her money in stock exchange speculation.
She loved me once, but that's all ancient history now.
She made a pile from her acting.
She made him her assistant.
She made us all laugh with her zany tricks.
She makes eyes at the handsome young man.
She marries next month.
She need not go.
She never finished her song.
She never speak to him again from that day on.
She offer a reward for the return of her lose bracelet.
She often returns to her parents' home, knowing that her mother will always provide a shoulder to cry on.
She opened the drawer and took out a pair of socks.
She overstated her case, so we didn't believe her.
She phones him religiously every day.
She pinned a white flower in her hair.
She played a major part in the success of the scheme.
She plighted herself to him under the oak-tree.
She posted through the mist, trying to find the right path.
She preached economy as the best means of solving the crisis.
She pretended not to notice.
She quavered an old folk song.
She ran her fingers nervously through her hair.
She reach up and picked a pear off a branch.
She really gave of her time to help. They give of themselves to improve the quality of education.
She reckoned she had cut her cost by half.
She refused to spend money in repairing the roof, and now the rain has ruined half her furniture—a plain example of penny wise.
She remained in because of heavy rain.
She rustled the unexpected guests up several dishes in less than half an hour.
She said she knew little about Chinese music.
She said very little directly, but a great deal by implication.
She sang the title role in Carmen.
She sat the baby up and tried feeding him.
She saw me to the gate and said goodbye.
She says she is sorry, but her eyes betray her secret delight.
She seems worried.
She sent me a Christmas card last year.
She set herself to finish her homework.
She settled down in an armchair to read her book.
She shook her fist angrily.
She shouted for joy.
She showed us to our seats.
She slipped the ring from her finger.
She smothered the child with kisses.
She soon got the children ready for school.
She speaks French perfectly.
She spends all her waking hours worrying about her job.
She spent the afternoon pushing paper for her boss.
She spoke so clearly that we could hear every word.
She stirred sugar into her tea.
She stood up readily.
She struggled up from the chair.
She suck up to him by agree with everything he say.
She supposed she was destined for marrying him.
She swept her hair back with a comb.
She take a piece of paper and begin to write a letter.
She thinks they can get married on his earnings of only fifty pounds a week but she's living in a fool's paradise.
She threw me a look of encouragement.
She tint each flower in her painting a different color.
She told me to do the job anyway I wanted.
She took a seat in the back and watched.
She took me on as her personal assistant but all I seem to do is fetch and carry for her.
She took up black humour for just one of her novels.
She tried to thrust some more clothes in the case, but there was no room.
She tugged my ear.
She turned mazy in horror at the sight of so much blood.
She typed the letter perfectly.
She used to be terribly shy, but a year abroad have completely transform her
She usually gets her best pupils into university.
She waited for her boyfriend.
She was a literary woman.
She was all in all to him.
She was as afraid as anything when she heard noises in the dark empty house.
She was beyond all doubt the finest ballerina of her day.
She was certain that the young man had gone mad.
She was crushed with grief.
She was done out of her promotion.
She was influenced by her mother to accept it.
She was kind enough to lend me the book.
She was made to wait for over an hour.
She was not looked on anything before that.
She was only one day over the age limit so the organizers bent the rules and accepted her entry.
She was possessed by the desire to be rich.
She was roundly rebuked for what she had done.
She was the handsomest woman of her day, and the cleverest, the nicest, the best of the whole boiling.
She was torn between the two choice.
She was very helpful in preparing my manuscript.
She was wearing someone else's coat.
She washed her clothes clean.
She wear a hat to keep the sun out of her eyes.
She welcome us with an artificial smile on her face.
She will buy him a cardigan if her son asks her to.
She will make necessary arrangements.
She will sit there for hours, waiting for her son to come home.
She withdrew her eyes from me.
She won't deceive you.
She wore a small silver cross on a chain round her neck.
She worked out the problem with no difficulty.
She writes local items betimes.
She'd do well in the exams if only her mind was put to her studies.
She'll give you the cue when you're to start.
She's American to the core.
She's a good judge of wine.
She's a regular beauty, isn't she?
She's always carping at her husband.
She's counting on you to show movies to her friends.
She's fucking rich.
She's gone off with my book.
She's got dozens of boyfriends.
She's hopelessly headstrong; she always gets up against people around her.
She's just married this dishy man.
She's my better half.
She's so wrap up in him that she can not see his fault.
She's tall, blonde, twenty-three and pure as the driven snow.
She's unusually tall, as are both her parents.
She's very well, thank you.
Sheer robbery!
Shells were rained on them, but no one thought of his own danger.
Shipment has to be made before October, otherwise we are not able to catch the season.
Short of calling a meeting, I don't know how we can get our plan approved.
Shot fired from a gun.
Should he get up early?
Should you need help in completing the claim form he will be able to give it to you.
Show him the way to the station
Show, keep, break one's resolve
Showing or requiring courage and fortitude; bold.
Signal to the regiment for the attack to begin
Silk crushes easily.
Similarity of structure between organs or parts, possibly of dissimilar function, that are related by common descent.
Simply speaking, we must just leave now.
Since James had his leg broken, he walks dot and carry one.
Since all your tender condition have prove most suitable, we have choose your tender.
Since he stopped taking exercises, he has started to run to fat.
Since then the picture has changed completely.
Since we quarreled, he looks through me whenever we pass in the street.
Since you have no time, you need not attend the tea party.
Sing up, let's hear you.
Sinner down, Kelly, no point of argue with him.
Sister ill money urgently needed
Sit still, my heart, do not raise your dust.
Ski Lessons
Skillful in the use of the hands.
Slap on an anti-inflation policy
Sleeping-pill
Slip off your shirt and I'll take your blood pressure.
Slowing gradually. Used chiefly as a direction.
Small children are right to fear the night-- but it is shift- worker, not bogeyman, they shall be worried about.
Smith would like to contract in on this project, if he may.
Smoke rats out of a barn
Smoking is my only vice.
Snails are usually served in their shells.
Snob talk as if they have beget their own ancestors.
Snowstorm sweep the northern American state.
So I just take what I want.
So has my portion been meted out to me.
So live that you will not be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
So many toy on sale here.
So she take it.
So the old fellow got round you and you gave him some money. He's clever, and he knows how to tell the tale.
So trifling or trivial as to be beneath one's consideration.
So what are we arguing about?
Society where each class or level have a duty to serve the class above it.
Soft wood damages easily.
Soldiers and nurses who were heroes in an unpopular war.
Solemnity or dignity of manner.
Some actors get their start in road shows.
Some birds fly south to find good breeding-grounds.
Some capitalists squeeze profits from existing machinery.
Some girl students are envious of Mary's slim figure very much.
Some interesting questions came up at our discussion.
Some men are old at sixty-five, others are still as lively as crickets in their nineties.
Some models are configurable for either type of output via internal dip switch or jumper.
Some of his jokes were a bit near the bone.
Some of the employees are hand in glove with the security men at the gate and can walk out with things belonging to the company.
Some of the old plays we had seen years before are revived on the stage.
Some people annotate as they read.
Some people criticize the boss, but they're too mealy-mouthed to say so in her presence.
Some people in small town do not like out-of-towny come to their town.
Some people objected that the new tax law was unfair.
Some people think that machinery is a threat to their job.
Some plants grow in deep shade.
Some reputed saints that have been canonized ought to have been cannonaded.
Some voters stormed out of the meeting place.
Some workers will probably be let out.
Somebody has finally bought one of my paintings—at least I've broken my duck!
Somebody opened the door and the candle blew out.
Somehow the engineers screwed up the entire construction project.
Someone has to take up the cudgels for children's rights, as the children are helpless to do it themselves.
Someone nasty and ruthless has him by the short hairs.
Something deposited or given as security against an obligation; a pledge.
Something expected; a possibility.
Something good must be cooking; I get a whiff of it.
Something imputed, ascribed, or attributed.
Something made of cork, especially a bottle stopper.
Something of no intrinsic remedial value that is used to appease or reassure another.
Something possessing the capacity for growth or development.
Something that escapes by leaking.
Something that honors or preserves the memory of another.
Something that is drained off.
Something that joins or connects two things together; a link.
Something that remains perennially fresh, interesting, or well liked.
Something that supports weight.
Something used for securing or binding.
Something, such as a ship or train, used for carrying or supplying coal.
Something, such as an article of clothing, that is passed on from one person to another.
Somethings gone amiss, he's not here to meet us.
Sometimes he went after these herbs at the risk of his life.
Sometimes they played bridge together.
Somewhat yellow; tinged with yellow.
Soon after the loss was discovered a warrant was sworn out for the embezzler's arrest.
Sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
Sorry, I can't come just yet.
Sorry, I haven't the faintest idea where the Public Library is.
Sorry, but father is resting now.
Sorry, exercise circle is sold out.
Sorry, that's not right.
Sorry, you can't come in.
Spasmodic winking caused by the involuntary contraction of an eyelid muscle.
Speak truth and shame the devil.
Special activity is designed in the hospital to meet the needs of subnormal.
Speech between two or more persons; conversation.
Spend the weekend at home
Spin out a project indefinitely
Spoke for all the members.
Spunk up before the public at least.
St. George's cross.
Stand against invaders
Stand out
Standing on die roof of die building, I saw his car around me comer of me building.
Started at the loud noise.
State and local government.
Steel is made from iron.
Step into the house while you're waiting.
Steps cut into the thickness of the wall
Stick a stamp on the letter.
Sticking to but not fused with a part or an organ of the same kind.
Stimulation of the mind or emotions to a high level of feeling or activity.
Stolen fruit is sweet.
Stop moaning; you really have nothing to complain about.
Stop pushing me around! I'm quite able to make my own decisions!
Stop these boys prodding their sticks at that poor dog!
Stopped by on the off chance that they're home.
Storm-bound ships in harbour
Strangely, I've never seen that television show before.
Street... turn right... ok.
Strongly built; burly.
Stubborn and intractable; recalcitrant.
Students growing up from nursery school to college have trouble dealing with realities.
Study all sides of a question
Styled with distinctively rounded edges so as to reduce wind drag and thereby increase fuel efficiency. Used especially of automobiles and vans.
Submit the revision of a novel for publication
Success is not achieved without sweat.
Such an argument does not prevail with us.
Such being the case, we were very lucky to have a house of our own.
Such desires can have no place in a good heart.
Such idea verges on dangerous thought.
Such people are bound to trip and fall.
Such questions are to be avoided.
Such treachery should be repaid in specie.
Suddenly, the numbers stopped changing.
Sufficient to satisfy a requirement or meet a need.
Suggestive of or resembling a wolf.
Suitable; appropriate; fitting
Summer temperatures reached an all-time high.
Sundays fly by like lightning.
Superior quality
Sure. Could you hand me those scissors?
Surely nothing could be going on there so late at night.
Surely you can take up the hem.
Surgery on any part of the nervous system.
Surgical shortening or reshaping of the nose.
Survive, thanks.
Susan is going to finish college.
Swiss sculptor, painter, and exponent of surrealism who is best known for his elongated sculptures of human figures, such as Walking Man(1960).
Sympathy and sorrow aroused by the misfortune or suffering of another.
Tact and skill in dealing with people.
Take a glance of...
Take a west-bind bus to the exhibition centre.
Take care not to be bitten by the bees.
Take care.
Take the case of television, it have a very bad influence on people.
Take the same number bus in the opposite direction, and change to a No.7 bus.
Take this empty box away and bring me a full one.
Take warning.
Take...days off
Taking place, done, or given beforehand; prior.
Talk poured from him in a jet.
Tax official: yes, it is.
Taxpayer: I do not understand it.
Taxpayer: it looks like beneficial that we move towards the formal equity joint venture.
Taylor, the capitalist, used to play down to most of his employees.
Teacher likens poet to the bird.
Teaching is all right to you, but it wouldn't suit me at all.
Tears dropped on the letter she was reading.
Television stations around the world are linked by satellite.
Tell her the whole story.
Tell lies! That is, spin a yarn; well I can do that.
Tell me straight out, will I ever recover?
Tell me what you think or have you lost your tongue?
Tell no one of the secret that has passed between us.
Tell the driver to step on it--we don't want to be late.
Tending or likely to forget.
Tending to flop; loose and flexible.
Tending, serving, or able to combine.
Terrible experiences in childhood at last drove her crazy, and she had to be kept in a special hospital.
Terrorists were responsible for the bomb explosion.
Thailand is on the west of Laos.
Thank heavens for that.
Thank you so much for come.
Thank you, I'll be careful.
Thank you. And I wish you the same!
Thank you. Would you excuse me for a moment, please, gentlemen?
Thanks again. It really is very kind of you to invite us.
Thanks for the advice, but this is something I have to figure out myself.
Thanks for your vote of confidence.
That ball depart outside the goal.
That boat was built for racing—it goes like a bird!
That boy can spell out the Chinese for the fast time.
That boy, running round the corner, nearly pushed the old lady over.
That can be believed.
That car is a real honey.
That child has broken wind.
That does not concern her.
That dress is so ugly I wouldn't be seen dead in it.
That event was inconceivable to us.
That fellow was so haughty that I was obliged to set him down.
That food is a great delicacy.
That girl whose father is martyr studies very hard.
That guy have good karma, so the girls just like to spend time with him.
That is a civil case.
That is a portrait at length.
That is good or what is needed
That is not so bad, considering(the circumstances).
That is the funniest thing on earth.
That is what is meant by"failure is the mother of success"
That is why the machine parts were wearing away during use.
That make a lot of sense.
That man was Copernicus, and the great book setting down his thoughts was printed in1543, in the last months of his life.
That may be wrong.
That money is due to me, but I have not got it yet.
That nasty shock cured him of his inquisitiveness for ever.
That new popular singer is a big draw.
That night we put up in a peasant's home.
That play screens badly.
That problem has beaten me.
That really ticks me off!
That reporter has a nose for news.
That scientist--- whose work is very important--- has been made a knight.
That shoot was really something.
That small loaf won't go far among this large family!
That tall actor is a dishy man.
That the Sermon on the Mount contains the sum and substance of Christianity.
That train get there at6 o'clock.
That wall blocks out all the light.
That was a small business, but it was wisely managed, and it kept out of the hole.
That was just an excuse. I wanted to get back early, and I said the first thing that came into my mind.
That was the only work to be had at this time of the year.
That won't do. We must think of something better.
That year we passed away July and August in the mountains collecting medicinal.
That'll be great, I am sure.
That's a clever hit.
That's a good idea.
That's a little too high.
That's a real let down.
That's exactly what I were thinking.
That's her blouse.
That's just what I am going to propose.
That's my business. I can contradict myself to hell and gone if I feel like it.
That's not a diamond! If that's a diamond, I'm a Dutchman.
That's one good reason why he's your boss.
That's quite all right, isn't it?
That's too bad. She's still studying in Paris, isn't she?
That's very popular now all over the world.
That's what he says now;but you'll find he's changed his tune.
That's where your mistakes come in.
That, I should say, is true.
The American public stopped supporting the war in Vietnam.
The Aswan Dam helps to control the River Nile in Egypt.
The Chinese people have become masters of their country.
The City reacted sharply to the fall in oil prices.
The Conservatives swept into power in the election of last year.
The Democratic candidate nosed out his rival for Congress by a few hundred votes.
The Dutch have taken Holland.
The English drink a lot of beer.
The Enterprise was again steered more off the wind.
The Indian guided the explorers.
The Islamic Federal Republic of the Comoros
The Japanese yen hit an all-time high last week on the money market.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
The London bus departs every hour on the hour.
The Mayor is largely responsible for this town being the most wide open in the country.
The Mormon's religion is singular, and his wives are plural.
The Philippines were ceded to the United States by Spain.
The President coming to visit our country was welcomed in a big way.
The Prime Minister said that if Parliament went against him on the crucial issue of our joining the Common Market, he would be forced to go to the country.
The Queen pain homage to the victims of two world wars by laying a wreath on the Cenotaph.
The Republic of Austria
The Republic of Maldives
The Right Honourable James Smith, Foreign Secretary
The Sunni compose about90 per cent of present-day Islam.
The Turkic language of Azerbaijan.
The Very Reverend Jane Smith.
The West Germanic language of the Flemings.
The ability or art of divining information about people or events associated with an object solely by touching or being near to it.
The above definition is set in roman; this example is in italics.
The acceleration is positive if the speed is increased, negative if speed is decreased.
The accused had thrown dust in the eyes of the police by giving them a false alibi.
The acoustics of the hall are so good that you can hear everything even from the cheapest seats.
The act of advertising.
The act of assigning absolute addresses to a program.
The act of chasing; pursuit.
The act of contracting or the state of being contracted.
The act of delegating.
The act of imbibing.
The act of inviting.
The act of listening.
The act of murdering one's father.
The act of passing; passage.
The act of prompting or giving a cue.
The act of representing with figures.
The act or an instance of cleansing or purifying.
The act or an instance of estimating.
The act or an instance of giving something away, especially the appropriation of natural resources or public lands for private gain.
The act or an instance of locking.
The act or an instance of plunging.
The act or an instance of turning off.
The act or custom of keeping or celebrating a holiday or other ritual occasion.
The act or process of dictating material to another for transcription.
The act or process of forming bubbles.
The act or process of interpreting.
The act or process of multiplying or the condition of being multiplied.
The act or process of rising.
The act or profession of being a model.
The act, fact, or state of agreeing or conforming.
The actors played out the tragedy and the curtain came down.
The actual cost may run out at rather more than we originally expected.
The admiral have write a book about his experience on the sea.
The advice fell on deaf ears.
The aged is taken care of in the old folks home.
The aging football player was playing on the skids.
The ailing old man kept puffing out a"Thank you" as I supported him home.
The allotment was made on Sunday.
The amount of a claim on an insurer by an insured.
The amount of work that a machine produces or can produce in a specified time period.
The amount that you have to pay to the National Health Insurance is usually stopped from you wages.
The ancient Greek dialect of Attica, in which the bulk of classical Greek literature is written.
The angler reeled out his fishing line.
The angular distance north or south of the earth's equator, measured in degrees along a meridian, as on a map or globe.
The apples are all.
The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties.
The area code for central London is0171.
The area of this restaurant is3, 400 square feet.
The armament of any of the great power can destroy civilization.
The army ravaged the whole town.
The aroma of roasting coffee beans.
The art or process of printing color pictures from a series of stone or zinc plates by lithography.
The art, sport, or skill of shooting with a bow and arrow.
The article is rather technical in places.
The artist is commissioned to paint a picture for the hall.
The asking price is24, 000.
The assistants observed carefully how the bacteria would react to this stimulus.
The atmosphere in the office has been tense for some time but this latest dismissal brings matter to a head.
The audience packed the hall.
The auditorium admits5.000 persons.
The author kills off her hero in Chapter7.
The authorities put the dissident author through the hoop by denouncing him as an enemy of the state and putting him under house arrest.
The autumn or winter term start in September.
The babies, Carolina and Pablo, grew into bright and healthy children, … By some accounts, they knew they were adopted. By all accounts, they were lovingly cared for.
The baby howled all night.
The bad boy broke his mother's heart.
The bad weather interfered with our plans.
The bags beside the road are stowed with sand and salt for putting on icy roads to make them safer.
The ball glanced off the edge of his bat.
The ball went over the pitcher's head and into center field for a single.
The band loan rate is unbelievably high.
The bandits laid for the policemen along the road.
The bankrupt had made over all his property to his wife.
The barman slipped one over on me and gave me a foreign coin in my change.
The basement windows were barred up against burglars.
The bath is fitted with double filters-through which the waste could be drained away.
The battle began in dead earnest.
The beach defenses were softened up before the landing craft went in.
The beautiful mountain is beyond word.
The bell boys in that hotel seem always to have itching palms.
The belt buckled easily.
The best defence is offence.
The best part.
The best way to find out is to ask someone who works there.
The big dog leapt up at the little girl.
The big sail won't stay in position unless you trice it up.
The bird flies out when he opens the window.
The bird pounced on the worm and swallowed it.
The birds in the trees are singing away.
The bishop officiated at the cathedral.
The blame is unavoidable.
The blood had saturated his shirt.
The blues was/were first performed by the black people.
The boat was tossed about in the stormy sea.
The body of law established by the Danish invaders and settlers in northeast England in the ninth and tenth centuries.
The bomb blast blew two passers-by across the street.
The bond that binds the smugglers together is a rope of sand.
The book could have been better.
The book hit the floor with a thud.
The book is prefaced with a statement of gratitude to the translator's wife.
The book's unusual title intrigue me into read it.
The booted him out for being drunk at work.
The boss exploded with anger when he see the sale report.
The boss is in a bad mood today so don't stir her up with any more customer complaints.
The boss readily closed with the offer.
The boss tore his failure in negotiation apart continuously.
The bottles should be washed out after every experiment.
The boy ask what lie in the bosom of the earth.
The boy broke off a bit of wood and dropped it, with a dry leaf, into the box where the coin was before.
The boy cut off down a side street.
The boy fell down from a tree and hurt his leg.
The boy got in to the athletic school after a special test.
The boy has a deformed foot and cannot play games.
The boy has the most wonderful ability to come out on top even when everything seems to be against him.
The boy objects to being treated as a child.
The boy quickly went on an errand with money clasped in his hands.
The boy scrabbled about in the garbage for food.
The boy stole from classroom while the teacher was writing on the blackboard.
The boy told the teacher that he couldn't come to school, because his mother was ill; but I think he sold he teacher a pup.
The boy want to the bad after his father died.
The boy was conditioned in English.
The boy's story has some colour of truth.
The boys belted into the hall.
The boys hated the old headmaster and plagued him by making him an apple-pie bed.
The boys set to and had to be separated by a teacher.
The boys were caught fishing out of season.
The boys, faced with this somewhat terrifying figure, had lost their tongues.
The branch mentioned above capitalizes on the pictorial aspects of the data.
The bread is fortified with various vitamins
The bride was given away by her father.
The bridge was destroyed, so they wouldn't get across.
The brighter of two stars that make up a double star.
The broken-down car was taken in tow by a lorry.
The builder cost out the job at$6, 500.
The building is scheduled for completion in May.
The bureaucracy has become ossified.
The burnt toast smelled up the whole house.
The bus driver should answer for the safety of the passengers.
The bus leaves every half hour.
The bus stop is opposite the town hall.
The bus was so jammed that I couldn't get down.
The business done this month amounts to ten thousand dollars as against eight thousand dollars last month.
The camera cleared customs.
The campaign lasted from July to October.
The candidate had broad support from the lower ranges of the party.
The candidate's doubtful past.
The cannon spoke.
The capacity to respond to stimuli.
The capital and largest city of Saskatchewan, Canada, in the southern part of the province southeast of Saskatoon. It was the capital of the Northwest Territories until the province of Saskatchewan was created in1905. Population, 162,613.
The captain's authoritative manner.
The car belted out of the square.
The car changed down just before the turning.
The car entered the gate and stopped at the end of the drive.
The car is acting itself again since we changed the oil.
The car looks fine. Do you mind if I give it a whirl before I decide whether to buy it?
The car pulled up at our door.
The car whirled out of sight.
The car's sturdy appearance lied.
The cardinal number, represented by the symbol1, designating the first such unit in a series.
The carpenter knocked up some kitchen units for us out of old pine.
The carrying of burdens or goods as done by porters.
The cartoon ended with collapse of stout party.
The case may go against you.
The cat is on the prowl for mice.
The cat shuts its eyes when stealing cream.
The cat's washing itself.
The cause of the fire was traced to a faulty fuse-box.
The celebration will run from next Monday.
The central services of that broadcasting company to some extent feed off the regional stations.
The chain has fallen foul of plants in the water.
The chairman told him that he was out of order.
The chalk jarred against the blackboard.
The champion put his opponens out in the fifth round.
The change is beneficial in some ways but not in others.
The characteristic smell of a wine or liqueur; bouquet.
The charge will be$1.20 per word, minimum10 words.
The chef inquires if anything is wrong.
The child can't walk yet.
The child dodged through the crowd.
The child had been sleeping face down. His mother turned him up and tucked up the sheets.
The child is at an impressionable age.
The child is sickening for something.
The child makes a pig of himself at dinner and now feel very sick.
The child resembles his father.
The child will be six.
The child's skill is wonderful for his age.
The children are allowed to dunk their bread in the soup.
The children are outside during playtime.
The children asked father to play games with them, but he stood aside.
The children clubbed together to buy their teacher a present.
The children finished the food on their plate in a wink.
The children ran into the hall.
The children set to as soon as food was put on the table.
The children surprised their father into buying a football.
The children waved their flags as the Queen passed.
The children were clothed in pure cotton.
The children were stealing apples when the farmer arrived and caught them red-handed.
The children yelled out in delight.
The cities of Greece and Asia were despoiled of their most valuable ornaments.
The city council is beset by problems.
The city is famed for its scenic spots.
The city was bathed in a festive atmosphere.
The city will tear down these buildings to make room for the new highway.
The class has dropped below ten students this year.
The classroom is silent except for the busy scratching of pens on paper.
The climbers sent two men up to investigate the rockfall.
The clock strikes the hours, the half-hours and the quarters.
The cloth from which such a coat is made, usually of wool, often with a heavy nap.
The clouds cleared away and the stars shone very brightly.
The club is tailor-made for Sally.
The coach gave a sales talk on exercise in the school assembly.
The coach sent two players in.
The cold wind from Lake Baikal is blowing hard.
The college library is a favorite haunt.
The colonialists brought untold sufferings to African peoples.
The colour of the sky deepened as the sun went down.
The combination of factors, symptoms, or signs of a disease or disorder that forms a syndrome.
The comic scenes were overdone.
The commander or governor of a fortress in Spain or Portugal.
The committee tried to persuade the chairman to give them more time for a decision, but he dug his heels in and refused to listen.
The commune members bedded down the students who had come to help in harvesting.
The company bears the legal cost of both parties.
The company employs500 workers.
The company had record another year of increase sale.
The company has briefed a top lawyer to defend it.
The company has three films in work right now.
The company reissued its catalogue with a new price list.
The company turns over150 million a year.
The company's archives goes back to its foundation in1892.
The competition entries were a very mixed bag.
The composite of qualities, such as courage, determination, and vigor, often thought to be appropriate to a man.
The computer industry has spawned hundreds of new companies.
The comrades here did not mind particularly.
The condition of the normal eye when parallel rays are focused exactly on the retina and vision is perfect.
The condition or quality of being brave; courage.
The conditioned response, once it is firmly established, can be extinguished dozens of times, but it sill always return, like the proverbial bad penny.
The confidence gained in remedial classes carried over into the children's regular school work.
The consequence was that he lost his money.
The constitution was amended in1920 to give women the right to vote.
The continuing violence between rival gangs of youths has made a large part of the housing estate a no-go area.
The corporate giants who try to drive down wages in order to make super profits
The cost of redeveloping the product is prohibitive.
The costume or insignia worn by the retainers of a feudal lord.
The council is to bring in new rules about trading on a Sunday.
The countries are about to enter upon their first trade agreement as a unit.
The country has to import most of its raw material.
The country made social and political gains under the new government.
The court had cleared the docket by sitting deep into the night.
The court ordered the bailiff to seize his property because he have not pay his fine.
The courts upheld their objections, and prayers were banned.
The cows give milk every day.
The creaking of the door on rusty hinges jars on my ears.
The crew of the capsized yacht had to tread water until the rescuers arrived.
The crime syndicate has the goods on the governor and are blackmailing him.
The crops or products of the land legally belonging to a tenant.
The crowd booed for five minutes.
The crowd fell back to let the ambulance through.
The crowd must be enjoying the performance, they're laughing their heads off.
The crowd was at fever pitch when the home team scored a goal.
The cruel rulers of old Russia were brought low by the determined action of the people.
The culture of the mind is vital.
The cut of her dress shows off her figure to perfection.
The daily grind.
The damaged ship was able to reach port under her own power.
The danger is certainly a lion in the path; you can go ahead or turn back, which will you do?
The data logger device has been fitted to ship's engine room.
The day following today.
The day on which such a ceremony occurs.
The death penalty for murder work on the principle of an eye for an eye.
The deceased man left no will.
The decline of a conditioned response following repeated exposure to the conditioned stimulus.
The deer was peppered with shot all down one side.
The defendant protested that he had never been near the scene of the crime.
The degree of sharpness of a cutting blade.
The delegation will arrive on Monday morning.
The designer is hip to the latest fashion.
The destroyer's armament consist of several small cannon, two torpedo tube and a number of anti-craft gun.
The detective soon raveled out the truth.
The deuce is in it if I cannot do it.
The devil can quote shakespeare for his own purpose.
The diamond ring glittered on her finger.
The difference between a man and his valet, they both smoke the same cigar, but only one pay for them.
The director is on holiday.
The directors are probably going to recommend that we accept the take-over bid, but we can muddy the waters by asking detailed questions about the company accounts.
The discovery is due to Newton.
The discussion veers away from religion and round to politics.
The disease shuts the boy off from most of the activities of normal children.
The display in Harry is one of the sights in London.
The distance between the two rails of a railroad.
The doctor comes to the hospital every other day.
The doctor gave him a clean bill of health.
The doctor is a busy man.
The doctor ordered him to walk a mile every day.
The doctor said the old man's condition was hopeless.
The doctor told him a white lie.
The doctor was struck off for incompetence.
The dog balanced a ball on its nose.
The dog easily picked up the scent of the murderer.
The dog hovers around me while I am fixing their dinner.
The dog kept a vigilant guard over the house.
The dog perked its ears at the noise.
The dog sets well.
The dog treed the cat.
The door had already been closed when he came.
The door opened with a creak.
The door was blocked.
The door's stuck.
The draft cleared the council.
The dregs settled and the liquid became clear.
The dress took her fancy.
The driver sponged down the car before turning water on it.
The dropped plate flew into pieces. The motorist flew into a rage.
The drunkard staggered along.
The ducks of the production team have been fed out.
The dust made him sneeze.
The dying farmhand said, "I've got what I deserve for taking pity on an evil creature"
The eagle swooped down on its prey.
The economy was a considerable issue in the campaign.
The edible, immature flower head of this plant.
The editor remarked that the article was well-written.
The effect of such a gust.
The eggs went for30 pence.
The election was a farce, for it was fixed.
The elemental fury of the storm
The enemy army crumpled up under our attacks.
The enemy fighters surprised the harbor at dawn.
The enemy mad bombardment caused unprecedented death and destruction in the country.
The enemy rode over the rice field.
The enemy troops had a cold realization of their hard situation.
The enemy will not attack during daylight so I have told the defenders to stand down.
The engine conked out on the final lap.
The entire main floor of a theater.
The envelope was buried in some papers on my desk.
The era of the backwoods rube is gone.
The essence of his religious teaching is love for all men.
The ethical doctrine that morality has its foundations in self-interest.
The event may wake her up.
The evils ensue from lack of a stable government.
The expansion is fund completely by the private sector.
The experience left me with a feeling of deep hurt.
The exploitation of child labour
The explosive charge carried in the warhead of a missile.
The exterior of the house.
The eyes of Argus Juno took and scattered as ornaments on the tail of her peacock, where they remain to this day.
The fact has at last lodged in his silly mind.
The factory was started around1958 by housewives.
The failure of the company's efforts at last sheeted home the need for proper preparation of business conditions.
The fall of the Cabinet will make good copy.
The family can just scrape along but never ask for charity.
The family seat in Norfolk
The famous actor now lives in seclusion.
The fans at the concert were really ape.
The farmhands gave the landlord a sound beating.
The fat old man look grotesque in his tight pants.
The father was giving a back to the son.
The federal funds were a real shot in the arm far the small farming community.
The fellow looked at me coldly and said, "Oh, you haven't? "
The fence is so high that they can not get the horses over.
The fever is breaking.
The figures total up to388.
The film has pulled in large audiences.
The film on show do not have much sparkle on it.
The film version of a famous novel.
The final decision rests with him.
The fine spell we've been having will put the crops ahead very nicely.
The fire burned up more than$50, 000 worth of antiques.
The firemen played their hoses on the burning building.
The firm had to overcome its resistance to new technology.
The firm is always trying to do its competitors down.
The firm plots its sales figures on this special squared paper.
The firm's payroll has one field for gross pay and one for net pay.
The first child of English parents born in America. She disappeared with other members of the Lost Colony of Roanoke Island in Virginia.
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
The first thing to be done was to head off the enemy from the tender spots and vital places.
The first year was tough, but business looked up after that.
The fisherman can put you across the river.
The five o'clock train is always packed with commuters.
The flaming fire warns me off by its own glow.
The flesh of such animals used as food.
The floats in the parade are decked out with flags.
The folder was sandwiched in between the two bulging files in the drawer.
The food in this restaurant is the pits!
The food was rather insipid, and needed gingering up.
The football match was so hard that in the end the players on two sides ran themselves out.
The force of his fall was broken by the straw mats.
The foreman knocked off the workers for lunch.
The forest was almost impassable.
The freight carried by a ship, an aircraft, or another vehicle.
The friend I was traveling with could speak French.
The front section of seats nearest the stage in a theater.
The fruit of this plant, eaten fresh or pickled.
The full measure of his detachment had for the first time nearly struck home to me.
The fur collar mats when it gets wet.
The future character of the Republic is in the air.
The gangsters raided the town's laundry, ran off the proprietor, and took all the clothing.
The garden looks its best in the spring.
The gardener used a stake to support the uprightness of the fragile plant.
The gasoline shortage caused by driver's strikes.
The general beefed up his army with more big guns and tanks.
The general practice in such cases is to apply for a court order.
The generators coordinate so that one is always running.
The girl has three apples.
The girl is so lovely that I can't take my eyes off her.
The girl put her lunch up in a paper bag and started on a visit to a zoo.
The girl takes after her mother.
The girl was invested with a special dress to give the performance.
The girl winked back a warning to him.
The girls couldn't stop giggling.
The goddess Artemis.
The golfer lost four strokes trying to get the ball out of the sand trap.
The good news put him in fine fettle.
The goods are to be packed in tin-lined cases, and the contents of each case clearly marked on the outside.
The goods we ordered are seasonal goods, so it will be better to ship them all at once.
The gossip of two women will destroy two house.
The government disclosed that another diplomat had been arrested for spy.
The government recognized his outstanding service by give him a medal.
The government was unable to shut the writer up, as he had the support of the rest of the world.
The governmental department charged with the regulation and control of the affairs of a community, now chiefly the department established to maintain order, enforce the law, and prevent and detect crime.
The grain crop has gone down this year.
The grass seeks her crowd in the earth.
The great drawback to living on a main road is the constant noise.
The greater portion of Antarctica is still terra nullius.
The grounds of a school, college, university, or hospital.
The group was made up of doctors.
The guard came back.
The guards sprang to attention.
The guest speaker was howled down, and it was some time before the chairman could restore order.
The guide drew our attention too the magnificent carved paneling.
The gum of this plant.
The handwriting is strange to me.
The hard outer portion or surface area of bread.
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
The hat suit you very well.
The head of the kindergarten has such a commanding voice that everyone there obeys her.
The healthful man can give counsel to the sick.
The heat have quite lay me out.
The heroes of medicine.
The high fashions designed in Paris are often quickly copied by makers of cheap clothing.
The highest official in certain cathedrals or collegiate churches.
The hill is low.
The historian search for primary source of information about the past.
The holiday camp staff all wear yellow uniforms.
The home team were very good at the bat for six innings.
The horse lashed out at me.
The horse shied at the loud noise.
The horse whisked its tail.
The hospital bill make a big hole in his savings.
The host tell a joke to his guest to break the ice.
The hot pavement sent up shimmers.
The hotel charged me￡15 for a room for the night.
The hounds will soon hunt down the stag.
The house burnt up before the firemen got there.
The house has been separated up into different flats.
The house is full this evening.
The house is sold for a price in the region of100, 000.
The house needs repairing, but John can't run to it.
The house wa in a bad state of repair when he bought it.
The human brain contains several billion nerve cells, which are connected with one another by fine nerves.
The hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries saw"a large cat" only five yards away from her.
The hunters rode over the cornfield.
The hut is suffering from neglect.
The ice will not bear.
The idea never entered my head.
The idea that women can't do the same work as men went out with the do-do.
The incidence of cases of rape have increase over the last year.
The increase of production is evidence of that.
The inexperienced young hopefuls were pushed aside in the scramble for places.
The information produced by a computer from a specific input.
The initial talks were the base of the later agreement.
The ink won't rub out.
The innocent need have no fear of the law.
The interest deducted prior to purchasing, selling, or lending a commercial paper; the discount rate.
The interview went better than I thought it would. Sometimes I thought I caught a whiff of hostility in her answers but she behaved very reasonably on the whole.
The invaders made spoil of all in their way.
The inventor went broke because nobody would buy his machine.
The iron bar was heated till it glowed.
The issue of tax reform became a political football.
The jargon of a particular group; cant.
The journalist did not want to reveal the identity of his informant.
The judge all concur in give john the prize.
The judge divorced the young couple.
The judge quotes various cases in support of his opinion.
The judge summed up the case for the jury.
The jukebox ground out an incessant stream of pop music.
The jury convicted the accused man of theft and arson.
The king can do no wrong.
The king said he could not make new laws if he was so hedged in by old ones.
The kitchen's always so messy after we've had guests. Give me a hand to do it over, will you?
The knowledge or wisdom so acquired.
The ladies like to spend hours in the free market, bargaining about the goods.
The lake is ringed with willows.
The land developer do a lot of under-the-table wheel and dealing.
The largest landmass is usually divided into two"continents" along the Ural Mountains.
The last goal evened up the score.
The last speaker gives me the opening I am waiting for.
The late arrival of the train messed up all our plans.
The latest unemployment figures reflect badly on the government's policies.
The law forbids the sale of alcohol to people under18.
The law still stands in force.
The leaders bargained away the freedom of their people.
The leading man got laryngitis but his understudy stepped into the breach and gave an excellent performance.
The least noise would startle the timid child.
The leaves whirled in the wind.
The lecturer kindled my interest.
The legend of king arthur represent the apotheosis of chivalry.
The length or width of a finger.
The lid flipped open.
The life history of the individual is first and foremost an accommodation to the patterns and standards traditionally handed down in his community.
The light from one side leaves half the subject's face in shadow.
The lights in the harbour guided the ship to port.
The line of flags was slung up between two trees.
The lion devoured the deer.
The liquid brown eyes of a spaniel.
The little boy was knocked under the table.
The little girl brushed the tears from her face.
The little girl is pretty.
The little girl tied the ribbon in a bow.
The little girl's unselfishness endeared her to the old lady, who gave her a ruby ring as a birthday present.
The living are more important to us than the dead.
The lobster is a shellfish.
The look on her face is enough to set you off!
The lorry was loaded with timber.
The lost child was led back by a people's policeman.
The loveliest doll in the last analysis is merely sawdust.
The lowering clouds threaten rain.
The luminous intensity on unit area.
The machine feeds back everything you need to know.
The magician produced a rabbit from a hat.
The mailman's job, in all kinds of weather, is summed up in the phrase"Deliver the mail."
The main film start at8.15.
The main thing to remember is...
The male members of a community or family.
The man become a shut- in since the death of his wife.
The man didn't bat an eyelid when he was told his wife was very ill.
The man smuggled a revolver into the prison.
The man turned from Radical to Conservative.
The man was regarded as a danger to society.
The man who gets on best with women is the one who knows best how to get on without them.
The man with the long beard fixed our attention.
The man's voice was rather low, and the most important part of what he had to say was stumbled over.
The management wanted some250 workers to give up their present incentive pay, which would have cut their daily wages by about$5 a man.
The manner in which she received him was calculated to a nicety to seem cool without being uncivil.
The manufacturers complained that they got a rough deal in the new contract with the city.
The march of time leaves its print on all of us.
The market have not recover from the rise in oil price.
The marketing director is the latest addition to the board.
The mass of faces pressed closer. Walling him in.
The match seems to be an open one.
The mayor bucked at the school board's suggestion.
The mayoral election is held annually.
The meaning of a word is determined by its actual use in a sentence.
The meat has been paid for.
The mechanical device that moves something, usually read/write head.
The medieval system, principles, and customs of knighthood.
The meeting examined the work of the past period and set tasks for the period ahead.
The members of one's family or childhood household; one's relatives.
The men fell back to previously prepared positions.
The men took heart from their leader's words and went on to win the battle.
The menu will expand to show four preset positions and preset1 will automatically be highlighted.
The message was written in pencil.
The method or result of concealing personnel or equipment from an enemy by making them appear to be part of the natural surroundings.
The middle of the calendar or academic year.
The miners stayed out for half a month.
The minister called a press conference as soon as the result was known.
The minister made an undignified retreat from his earlier position.
The minister's enemies engineered his ruin.
The mirror flew to pieces.
The mist has clouded the windows over.
The model glider looks fine, although the only way we an really put it to the test is to see if it will fly.
The monument was erected in honour of the soldiers who died for the country.
The moon orbits Earth.
The more Brian tried to explain why he was late the more he tied himself in knots.
The more we think the happy life of today, the more we just ardently love socialism.
The most difficult character in comedy is the fool, and he must be no fool who plays that part.
The motel business went to pot when the new highway was built.
The mother gave way and cried bitterly.
The motorcyclist had a brush with danger as he skidded round the bend.
The mountain rose up in a steep wall of rock.
The mouth of a fool boils forth follies.
The movement was sudden; but he who watched her was not thrown off the guard by it.
The movie was just another bit of fluff from Hollywood.
The murder bullet was shot from this very gun.
The murderer was given a life sentence.
The name of Nero is associated with cruelty.
The nation is on a war footing.
The natives make excellent boats from tree trunks.
The naughty boy made a face at his teacher when she turned her back.
The near future.
The negotiations struck a snag when the union leaders asked for paid holidays in addition to the usual wage increase.
The net measure of this property possessed by a body or contained in a bounded region of space.
The new director will shake up the company.
The new film has not been a great success, to put it mildly.
The new houses are fine but the slums that still exist are the other side of the coin.
The new law was in a measure harmful.
The new manager blundered away most of the firm's profits.
The new monitor apparatus is automatically controlled.
The new play will be much better if the comedian slicks up his act.
The new tax laws affect most people.
The new theory was set up by a young scientist.
The new young singer walked off with the show; the crowd weren't interested in anyone else.
The news came out that king was very ill.
The news greatly surprised them.
The news moved her profoundly. She immediately asked to go to the front.
The news of their arrest shook the country.
The newspaper lay unopened beside him. Watching the world go by was sufficient entertainment on a fine evening.
The newspaper warped his story.
The next contestant surprised me. She made139 jumps in half a minute.
The next morning I found the shoots standing up straight, not bit damaged.
The next time Ben delivered milk, I told him I had a way to make him feel better about the$79.
The nice thing about Sally is that she can always see the joke. I couldn't bear working with a person who didn't have a sense of humour.
The ninth letter of the Greek alphabet.
The notorious thief will be put up for trial next week.
The novel received great acclaim.
The number has been changed to56262314.
The number of feet in a mile.
The number of units of useful information contained within a linear dimension, usually expressed in units per inch.
The nurse as comforter of the sick.
The nurse turn the old man over to wash his back.
The offer is open for three days.
The office is asking for the vat papers.
The office or position of a judge.
The office, function, or authority of one who governs or of a governing body.
The officer made the soldiers mark time as a punishment.
The official currency, coins, and negotiable paper notes issued by a government.
The oil from this plant or a preparation made from it, used as a flavoring.
The old gentleman is quite generous to the poor.
The old lady dug her heels in and refused to sell her house to the developers—at any price.
The old lady notified the crime of the police.
The old letters brought back many happy recollections.
The old man died of apoplexy.
The old man has to ask a literate to read the letter his son write him.
The old man lived a simple life.
The old man's reached the crisis in his illness.
The old people sit talking or play cards, or simply watch the sound and fury of the"activity area."
The old story was worked over for television.
The old well was getting dry, so he had to put down a new one.
The old woman wheezed out a greeting, then began to cry.
The older women in the town looked askance at what the young people were doing.
The one on your right.
The opening of a new university.
The operation give him back the use of his leg.
The opinion derived from such an evaluation.
The opposition member's request for an enquiry has placed the government in a difficult position, especially just before the election.
The orange curtains jar with the red furniture.
The order No.105 is so urgently required that we have to ask you to speed up shipment.
The ordinal number matching the number15 in a series.
The out-come is doubtful.
The outlaw pulled out a dagger and bade defiance to the policemen.
The overall composition of the picture is good but some of the detail are distract.
The owner of the theatre thinks that investing in any musical comedy is a sure thing these days.
The oxygen react vigorously with the impurity in the iron.
The pagoda built in the Ming Dynasty is still in good repair.
The paint had been rubbed away from the arms of the chair.
The papers blew off.
The paratroops descended on the village and took it in a matter of minutes.
The park was sweet with roses.
The part of a garment, especially of a pair of trousers, that covers the leg.
The part of a parachute that opens up to catch the air.
The part of day from noon until sunset.
The part or side below or under.
The party was voted a success.
The passenger- and cargo-carrying part of an aircraft, ship, or other vehicle.
The path leads to a hill bare of vegetation.
The path was blockaded by snow.
The patient is as good as cured.
The patient twisted about in pain.
The patrolman signed for them to halt.
The people in our neighborhood are sending a round robin to the Air Force to protest the nice the jet planes make flying over our house.
The people poured back into the building when they head the fire alarm.
The people's commune laid down another20 mu in( to, with, under) grass.
The performance truly exalted the audience.
The period in which man learnt to make tools of iron is called the Iron Age.
The person I want wasn't there.
The pests spread quickly in these regions and there was a shortage of labour.
The pictorial representation and manipulation of data, as used in computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacture, in typesetting and the graphic arts, and in educational and recreational programs.
The picture was framed in, light oak.
The pig pen needs doing out.
The pilot brought his crippled plane down in a field.
The pilot rated the airplane's performance in high winds.
The pipe does not draw well.
The pitch of a voice or other sound.
The plan fits us very nicely.
The plan is the product of many days of careful thinking.
The plan was doomed to failure.
The plane climbed and lined out east.
The plane holds250 passengers.
The plane spiraled the airport before.
The plane was full of holiday-makers.
The plausibility of her alibi
The play is a riot when it was first produced on Broadway.
The play represents to those watching it, the inner struggle in a man's mind between duty and doubt.
The play was taken off because of severe criticism.
The player was all on wires that time.
The plot gets more involved.
The plural societies of the world.
The police are always hounding me.
The police are scouring the woods for the missing child.
The police began-ling the demonstrators.
The police chief criticize the council's stand on law and order.
The police estimated the number of demonstrators at about2000.
The police found no suspicious document whatsoever.
The police handle the traffic very efficiently.
The police put a watch on the suspect's house.
The police said the death was an accident, but others are sure there is more in it than meets the eye.
The police tested the room for bugs.
The police went into the man's story to see if he was telling the truth.
The police were waiting for the hooligan as they piled out of the train.
The policeman filled out a parking ticket.
The policeman passed from house to house.
The politician was playing a deep game.
The pond's frozen over. We shall have some skating soon.
The poor children nestled up together for warmth.
The poor little girl quivered with cold.
The poor old man must be got away from his hard work for a rest.
The pop group raced for their car, pursued by fans in full cry.
The population of the village is slowly sinking.
The poster on the window read:5% reduction on all refrigerators, washing-machines and vacuum cleaners. Many other household appliances at cut-throat prices.
The pound have fall-en against a basket of European currency.
The power or freedom to choose.
The practice and doctrines of voodoo.
The practice or principle of refusing to resort to force even in defense against violence.
The predominant influence of one state over others.
The presence of viruses in the bloodstream.
The prettiest girls at the dance were grabbed off for partners first.
The price include bed and continental breakfast.
The price of coffee has been rising and falling, but has now stabilized.
The price of vegetables, houses, land
The prices in that restaurant are absolutely ruinous.
The priest sings Mass.
The prince fall in love with a fair young maiden.
The prisoner had to be remanded for a week while the missing witness was found.
The prisoner tried to barter with the guards for their freedom.
The prisoners paid the guards to connive at their escape.
The prize is a tangible testimony that she has gotten a germ of write ability.
The problem is the world population is growing fast.
The procedure for inspecting goods and baggage entering a country.
The process of being heaved upward.
The product has only been on the market ten days and we are already getting reorders.
The professor rose to the fly with a charming simplicity.
The programs will be beamed to Mainland China.
The project jumped off with great enthusiasm but interest flagged during the summer.
The promoters matched the young boxer with a more skillful fighter.
The property or manner of approaching a limit, such as a point, line, surface, or value.
The proposal is voted down.
The pull of gravity depends upon size, or, more accurately, upon mass.
The pupils that had been watching started to applaud.
The purported author of the story.
The quality is all right, but the style is a bit outdated.
The quality or condition of being fortuitous.
The quality or condition of being musical.
The quality or condition of being vulgar.
The question is now under consideration.
The question of how many souls exist in heaven is academic.
The question whether he will join us is uncertain.
The quiet point, Tom!
The rabbits scampered away as we approached.
The racket used in various games, such as table tennis or racquets.
The radius of a circle described by a crank, cam, or similar machine part.
The rain raised the river two meters above normal.
The raindrop falls on my face.
The rank or office of a bishop.
The rate be5 per hour.
The ratio of the size of an image to the size of an object.
The reactionary rulers found it very difficult to bring the oppressed natives under.
The really put up a good show.
The recording can be erased and the tape used again.
The reduction in size of components and circuits for increasing package density and reducing power dissipation and signal propagation delays.
The refusal of the actor turned all our arrangements for the performance topsy-turvy.
The region to be researched has been traced out.
The relative degree of mixture with a base metal; fineness.
The removal of blood, usually from a vein, as a therapeutic measure.
The repayments of the loan are spread over25 years.
The research project was only a partial success.
The resolution was approved82 to16 with18 abstentions.
The rest of the money is invested in gilt.
The restaurant stung him for1000 yuan.
The result obtained by multiplying a quantity by a percent.
The results have gone beyond our hopes.
The return received on an investment after all charges have been paid.
The right to employ this procedure.
The rioter misinterpret the instructions of the police.
The rising sun threw shadows across the lawn. We threw sheets over the furniture before we painted the ceiling.
The river divides the city into two parts.
The river is rising after the rain.
The river turns north at this point.
The road ahead was flooded so we had to double back.
The road was wet and slippery, so Mr Reed slowed down the car.
The robber snatched the pursed out of the woman's hands.
The robbers weighted the box down with stones and dropped it into the river.
The rogue passed it off as genuine.
The roof needs mending again, the rain has been seeping in recently.
The room doesn't seem to be lived in.
The room is the bigger of the two.
The rose sends out strong fragrance.
The rounded posterior portion of the human foot under and behind the ankle.
The royalty rate shall be calculated in proportion to the net sale of the product turn out with the transferred technology.
The rule is that someone must be on duty at all times.
The ruling body of English and Welsh barrister.
The runner was retired put out at first base.
The rust must be filled in so that traffic can pass.
The sales figures speak for themselves; what a successful year this has been.
The salesman tried to lead me on with talk of amazing savings on heating bill.
The same applies to the Spanish-speaking countries in Latin-America.
The sand blew into the food and made it gritty.
The savage king put all the prisoners to the sword.
The scar of poverty have leave their mark.
The scene is laid in a village far from the city.
The school's audio-visual apparatus includes a new set of multi-media device, not to mention films, records, etc.
The science of life and of living organisms, including their structure, function, growth, origin, evolution, and distribution. It includes botany and zoology and all their subdivisions.
The science, art, and business of cultivating marine or freshwater food fish or shellfish, such as oysters, clams, salmon, and trout, under controlled conditions.
The scientist denied himself many of the comforts of life.
The scientists strive for a breakthrough in cancer research.
The scouts started off on their mission on a stormy night.
The sea bed is rich in mineral.
The seats have no back against which to lean.
The second pair is a better fit, but he does not like the colour.
The secret is known only to a narrow group of people.
The secretary is proposing to stand down in favour of a younger man.
The section directly in front of and below the stage of a theater, in which the musicians sit.
The seed-bearing capsule of certain plants, especially cotton and flax.
The self, especially as distinct from the world and other selves.
The setting sun gilded the sky.
The shadow of death is on his face.
The share is on offer in parcel of50.
The sheer maliciousness of the gossip
The sheriff ordered the suspicious looking stranger to hit the trail.
The ship canted over when it hit the rocks, and sank to the bottom with all its passengers and sailors.
The ship faded into the fog.
The ship ren into strong winds and heavy seas.
The ship sank.
The ship was crippled in the storm.
The ship was off the stocks.
The ship's bow dipped into the waves.
The shipment is still on the water.
The shock make me go all weak at the knee.
The shopper is showered with broken glass from the explosion.
The shore of a body of water, especially when sandy or pebbly.
The shouts rang in our ears.
The shutter kept banging to and fro in the wind, so we nailed it back against the wall.
The sick man is no better.
The sidewalks directly in front of the building have been roped off.
The sight of physical suffering always upsets me.
The singer's performance was so terrible that the audience hissed at him.
The situation as it was before.
The situation seemed to me quite normal.
The size of our order depend very much on your price.
The skin graft was rejected.
The sky is bespangled with stars.
The sky was deep blue.
The smallest unit of plant structure.
The smile of triumph was on their faces.
The smoker tossed away the lighted match and so caused a fire.
The snake's tongue flicked out.
The snow was blowing in her face, but she gritted her teeth and went on.
The social worker advised them to put their handicapped child into care.
The soft, subdued light seen at dusk or dawn or in dimly lit interiors.
The soldiers crept forward under cover of darkness.
The soldiers moving through the area had to struggle against the bad weather, which could render the primitive roads impassable.
The soldiers were in a tight spot, short of food and ammunition.
The solicitor moved for an adjournment of the case.
The son of Daedalus who, in escaping from Crete on artificial wings made for him by his father, flew so close to the sun that the wax with which his wings were fastened melted, and he fell into the Aegean Sea.
The sons of Confucius are scattered in many parts of China.
The sound made by rippling water.
The spatter of rain on the tent
The speaker failed to put his ideas over clearly enough so that some misunderstanding arose.
The speaker lashed his audience into a fury.
The speaker talked a lot, but never really got to grips with the subject.
The speaker's forceful words persuaded his opponents to back down.
The spectators or listeners assembled at a performance, for example, or attracted by a radio or television program.
The speed of light being extremely great, we cannot measure it by ordinary method.
The staff speak as one man on this issue.
The stamp has come off. Stick it on again.
The standing figure to the right was painted after the rest of the picture was completed.
The start of the film was dull.
The state of being an occupant or a tenant.
The state of being convinced or persuaded by consideration of evidence.
The state of being executed.
The state or fact of being plural.
The state or quality of being cool.
The state or quality of being irrational.
The state or quality of being stubborn or refractory.
The statement prove incorrect.
The statue of Jefferson was big as life.
The steamer has gone ashore, hasn't it?
The store cater mainly for overseas customer.
The store set up a plan for twenty-four-hour service.
The storm cast the little rowboat on the rocks.
The storm has passed.
The storm was succeeded by calm.
The story hangs on the relationship between the two sisters.
The story is splashed across the front page of the newspaper.
The straws in the fashion wind indicate a shrinking attachment for jersey and knitting.
The street is overarched by ginkgoes.
The streets were thronged with shoppers.
The strike tied up production for a week.
The strong smell made me throw up.
The struggling for knowledge hath a pleasure in it that of wrestling with a fine woman.
The student made a creditable effort on the essay.
The students talked about the coming tour to the nearby mountain village among themselves.
The students; marks were scaled down because the examination was too easy.
The study of how words and their component parts combine to form sentences.
The study of the development and evolution of biochemicals and biochemical processes.
The study of the origin, development, and manifestations of mental or behavioral disorders.
The study, theory, and practice of prison management and criminal rehabilitation.
The subject may be full of interest to you, but it holds no interest for me.
The suitcase burst open and its contents rained on the floor.
The sum total of study on the subject is contained in this report.
The sun blinds the stars.
The sun glare out of the blue sky.
The sun makes the plants grow.
The sun sank below the horizon.
The sun was hot, so he pulled his sweater over his head.
The surgeon cut out all the diseased tissue.
The surgical excision of one or both of the adrenal glands.
The sustaining of a note longer than its indicated time value.
The swimmer couldn't hold her breath any longer.
The switchboard is manned twenty-four hours a day.
The system of rules implicit in a language, viewed as a mechanism for generating all sentences possible in that language.
The table top is scratched.
The taxi driver took an indirect route to avoid the town centre.
The teacher asked the pupil to put his hand down.
The teacher called the boy out to the front of the class.
The teacher divided the younger children from the older ones.
The teacher glanced round.
The teacher is giving the naughty boy a lesson.
The teacher led the children up the stairs.
The teacher told a story to the pupils.
The teacher urged on us the necessity of practice.
The teacher was telling us about the poet's life, when he went off at a tangent and started talking about his war experiences.
The teachers complain that nothing is feeding back to them from the classroom.
The team is a newcomer to the competition.
The team was behind, but at the last minute Sam saved the day with a touchdown.
The teams met in fierce contention for first place.
The temple will serve for an operating room.
The tender committee have take a liking to your bid.
The tenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
The terrible experience unhinged his mind.
The test finished. We began our holiday.
The theater was packed with children.
The theory has been discredited.
The thief whip round the corner and out of sight.
The thieves robbed the passengers of all their money and jewels.
The thing is I was in a bit of an accident last week--got bashed by another car.
The thinner the ice, the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear.
The thought of summer suggests swimming.
The threat or use of force to prevent, restrict, or dictate the action or thought of others.
The thunderstorm may settle the weather.
The time of life between childhood and maturity.
The timetable is obtainable post-free from the airline office.
The tires kicked the little stones up.
The top branches of the two trees interlace with one another.
The top sleeps.
The total amount of money bet on an event or over a set period of time.
The total quantity of data that a part of a computer can hold or handle.
The town is noted for its healthy air.
The town's last remaining cinema went west last year and it's now a bingo palace.
The trade of a butcher.
The traffic had to follow a diversion because of an accident on the main road.
The train being late, we missed the boat.
The train from Beijing pulled in at9: 15.
The train is attacked by guerilla.
The train went round the bend and soon got of sight.
The tramp always keep his eyes peel for coin lying on the grind.
The transparency and luster of a gem.
The traveler's check cost one per cent of total amount of purchase.
The travelling public is hoping for an early settlement of the rail dispute.
The treaty may be considered to be as dead as a doornail.
The tree is bearing a lot of apples this year.
The troops have to withdraw to a less exposed position.
The trouble between the women is a tuppeny-ha'penny affair.
The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time.
The truck bumped our car.
The truck went into a tree.
The truth of the report is beyond all doubt.
The tunnel contract to a narrow passageway as you go deep.
The two businessmen clinched the deal quickly.
The two continents were connected by a land mass at one time.
The two fighters lashed into each other as soon as the bell rang.
The two halves if the main branch have grown apart, forming separate trees.
The two men fought out their differences in court.
The two of them were necking on a park bench.
The two pipes which connect with the sewer have been blocked up for a month.
The typhoon is gathering strength.
The umpire ousted the arguing player from the game.
The unemployed engineer wrote a dozen applications for jobs but got nothing.
The union has ordered its members to work to rule. rather than call a total strike.
The union of two or more commercial interests or corporations.
The university must graduate more science students.
The untidy girl's toy, books shoes and clothes were all jumbled together in the cupboard.
The used to call it a draw, when two horses finished neck and neck.
The usual word"pub" is short for"public house".
The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them.( Montaigne)
The various parts of the car are bolted together.
The vehicles were quickly rolled off by these men.
The very idea of sniffing glue is repellent to me.
The vicar caught me bending when he called unexpectedly while I was decorating the kitchen ceiling and covered in paint.
The village where we are going lies behind the mountain.
The villagers, full of hate in their eyes, stared the traitor down.
The virtue of mother shall occasionally be visiting upon the children as well as the sin of the father.
The visiting team were one man short and so I played for them to redress the balance.
The voice of his departed mother still rings in his sears.
The wage stop is the device used to stop families receiving more in social security payments than their normal income from full-time work.
The waiter whipped away my cup before I'd finished my coffee.
The war still bulks large in the memories of those who fought in it.
The warm weather has set the crops ahead by a month.
The waste pipe is blocked; try flushing it out with hot water.
The water came to my neck.
The water is wasting.
The water smacks of sulphur.
The wave curled over the surfer.
The weather in June was positively autumnal.
The weather looks good for our sports meet.
The weave used to produce such a fabric.
The weight is50 grams short.
The west lake is noted for its scenery.
The wheel and the drag react on each other.
The whisky got into his head.
The whole matter is still in doubt.
The whole procedure seems to be hedged about with problems.
The whole story came out at the trial.
The whole village was frozen in for a week.
The widow was hard up against it, ever so hard.
The wife or widow of a knight.
The wily old fellow said to his son, "Have a care, Joe, that girl is setting her cap at you."
The wind tunnel is produced under a technical cooperation agreement with Ford Co of US.
The wind whistled through a crack in the door.
The window has clouded over in the steam.
The windows glinted in the sun.
The wine improves with age.
The wire was coupled on the plug.
The witch turned the prince into a frog.
The women there used to veil their face in public.
The wood of one of these trees.
The woods on the mountain sides were clad in mist.
The word in a construction that has the same grammatical function as the construction as a whole and that determines relationships of concord to other parts of the construction or sentence in which the construction occurs.
The words slipped out before he could stop himself.
The work is badly done; he didn't take much trouble to do it.
The work method of this test is simple.
The workers made reprisals for what they suffered.
The workers who were employed building turnpikes and canals died like flies in the swamps.
The workmen struck for higher wages, but the factory owner soon had them at his feet.
The world is full of chicanery.
The worst intrusion I know is represented in the author who forgets that you are only a reader, and start to put on a show.
The wound is festering.
The wounded man spat out blood.
The years ahead seemed to stretch out for ever.
The young Mr. Longman and his father are both doctors.
The young bull horned the old cow out of the herd.
The young girl bore up well after her dad and granny were killed by the aggressors.
The young lady is set on having that fur coat.
The young man had left the town in order to welch on all his debts.
The young man recite his poem with a touch of pride.
The young tennis player will be able to fling off the old one.
The youngsters like to play football and cricket in the same ball park.
The"Remember the Maine" of Spanish war days has now been changed to"Remember Pearl Harbor".
The21st letter of the modern English alphabet.
Their accounts of what happened don't hang together.
Their ardour was damped by my critics.
Their boss pays the highest wages, but he wants his pound of flesh in return and makes them work very hard.
Their electricity is set at0.25 yuan per light.
Their father is also guilty, inasmuch as he knows what they are going to do.
Their friends begged them to spare themselves.
Their group has already fulfilled their quota, so has our group.
Their house had sound foundations, would have stood stoutly even if it had been almost submerged.
Their insults should be beneath your notice.
Their life is a poem.
Their paths diverged at the fork in the road.
Their poverty, their straitened environment touched his heart.
Their rejection of these measures roused the people to indignation.
Their sabotage put back production badly.
Their son slide into evil ways.
Their success is in great measure the result of thorough preparation.
Their team is out of trim for the match.
Then I'll go to your room at7: 50.
Then begin our new lesson.
Then he heard boys shouting at the top of their voices"Michel's dead! The old beggar is dead."
Then he spoke slowly, but I could not understand him.
Then how much can you go down?
Then she began to observe a curious phenomenon.
Then the Lord God said to the serpent: "Because you have done this you are accursed more than all cattle and all wild creatures."
Then we started pumping water to the fields.
Then you do the opposite: make a lot of noise and start shout and screaming and call the cop at once.
Then, it's usually time to wake up my son(daughter).
Therapy or treatment by exposure to radiation.
There are a number of verbs which describe abnormal ways of walking.
There are as many students in our class as in yours.
There are few flies in the room.
There are mice in Mrs. Lee's kitchen.
There are ninety.
There are not many jobs that leave you time to get the housework do.
There are other organs for hearing, smelling and tasting.
There are seventy.
There are six.
There are some different types of claims.
There are two pears in my basket.
There are25 girl students in our class as against only5 in Class Two.
There carpet is sold at25 off the marked price.
There goes the bus!
There has long been a superstition among mariners that porpoises will save drowning.
There he searched out an old friend of his.
There is a breach in the wall.
There is a lot to be said for professional self-government, if it really works. But can professionals take effective action against one another? Will they not always be held back by the thought that there, but for the grace of God, go I?
There is a note of warning in what he said.
There is a ratio of two boys to three girls in the club.
There is a shower of applause after the performance.
There is a strong religious influence in American life.
There is a weary breakdown of law and order.
There is an aura of divinity about him.
There is no benefit to debate.
There is no doubt but right will prevail.
There is no help to be looked for in that quarter.
There is no man who does not have fault.
There is no one here I can confide in.
There is no question of overlap between the two courses.
There is no saying what may happen.
There is nothing as good as a piping hot cup of cocoa on a cold winter's evening.
There is nothing to thank me for.
There is only standing room in the bus.
There is so much red tape involved in obtaining a government contract that it is sometimes almost not worth the time and expense.
There is something wrong with my radio. Could you see to it for me?
There is two hours' time difference between Moscow and London.
There it is.
There was a big crowd and it was hard to find a taxi.
There was a curious silence.
There was a hole in the roof, and rain-water was spattering on his bed.
There was a red glare over the burning village.
There was a table with odds and ends piled on it.
There was an ear-splitting roar as a the Red Arrows display team flew overhead.
There was litter strewn all over the pavement.
There was very little to discuss but the chairman still managed to spin out the meeting for two hours.
There were a few cackles from the audience when I began to talk.
There were loud cheers as the Irish team took the field.
There were several big names at the party.
There will be a day of reckoning for what you have done to me!
There would be a saving to the airlines of about￡70 million a year some of in lower fares.
There're may being other choices too.
There's a table for four over there. Will you like it?
There's an exception to every rule.
There's coffee or tea- you can have either.
There's more in Mary's refusal than meets the eye; I think she's trying to hide something.
There's no doubt who wears the trousers in that household.
There's no need to bite my head off. I only asked you a question-I wasn't criticizing you.
There's no need to work you bad temper off on me.
There's nothing to see outside london.
There's plenty more paper if you need it.
There's some respiratory murmur in your heart.
There, I told you I was right.
Therefore, we will like to ask for a guarantee minimum.
These apples are not ripe; they are sour.
These are bricks.
These bolts and nuts hold the wheels on.
These bottles are not returnable.
These cases are viewed as models.
These coins are minted in China hundreds of years ago.
These creatures spend their lives blow(the) ground.
These difficulties are caused by natural disasters.
These events were all linked together.
These ideas have been forming in my mind.
These last are my friends.
These mats will wear for20 or30 years.
These methods have proved quite effective.
These new shoes are so tiff that they rub the skin off my ankles.
These old people are unaccustomed to the pressure of modern life.
These peculiar forms not only seemed designed to shock people emotionally, but to give them electric shocks as well!
These rich deposits are scheduled for large-scale extraction in the future.
These schools enable a boy or girl to change educational plans during the high school years, moving from the vocational track into the academic or vice versa.
These shoes lace easily.
These stains won't come off, I'm afraid.
These teachings lit up my mind, pointed out the direction and gave me endless strength.
These trees fruit annually.
These two pieces of wood makes a funny noise when you knock them together.
They accorded a warm welcome to us.
They adopted the decision in disregard of our repeated warnings.
They agreed to a man.
They all board in at the college.
They all indicate people expressing emotions, often with tears.
They all sang the refrain.
They all want to watch a game of football.
They are actually glad I am leaving, are not they?
They are always bicker when they meet at school.
They are at the threshold of a new career.
They are both in the wrong.
They are capable of all sorts of wrongdoings.
They are cut it fine by arriving at the airport5 minutes before they are supposed to leave.
They are divided on the quality of teaching in the university.
They are hoping for a positive result from the experiment.
They are induction coils.
They are liable to knock him off if he talks.
They are mobilizing their supporters to vote at the election.
They are not engineers, are they?
They are now all well provided for.
They are paid more because of their long years of service.
They are supposed to have discovered America.
They are the leading company in the field.
They are trying to find a cleaner fuel for car.
They are unhealthy children because they do not have enough to eat.
They are weaken by a diet that is low in protein.
They argued their actions had nothing to do with the riot, but I think that's debatable.
They asked for bid for the supply of spare parts.
They became deeply intoxicated and totally disoriented.
They behaved very coolly in a dangerous situation.
They blindfold my eyes for a week after the operation.
They both played in the tennis match.
They bought two cars and a truck in a package deal that saved them a lot of money.
They broke into their emergency supplies of food and water.
They built a wall to keep wolves out of their ranch.
They can not have foresee how thing will turn out.
They can't keep away from their regular work for long.
They carried out criticism and self-criticism and made many valuable proposals.
They certainly are hard workers.
They checked out all the goods in the grocery store.
They clamped down on the newspapers.
They combed out the whole place for the lost children.
They couldn't agree whether to have the office redecorated in yellow or green so I forced the issue by saying that if they didn't decide today it would stay as it is.
They covenanted that they would sell only to certain buyers.
They crowed their heads off when they won the General Election.
They dare not play joke on him in case he become angry.
They decided to bring the property to the hammer.
They decided to kick him upstairs and appoint a younger man to take his place.
They decided to sit down and straighten out their differences.
They did this to save customers time and trouble.
They didn't mind the news becoming public.
They discovered that he was a police plant.
They divided up the money.
They do not pay attention its establishment.
They don't approve of my way of looking at things.
They don't understand the seriousness [importance] of this question.
They enjoy dishing out advice to everyone.
They exchange a few words.
They exposed the true aims of the war.
They fastened exclusively on the dynamo of the latest design.
They fell into each other's arms lovingly.
They felt that we had performed a miracle in this respect.
They finally delivered him of all his fears.
They formed the so-called"third force".
They found the answer correct.
They gad about Europe a lot, going to expensive restaurants and shows.
They gave him the boot for coming late.
They gave up their holiday to lend a hand in the work.
They give us an offer for the goods.
They got around the lack of drinking water by eating water melons.
They had been together all season and seemed to resent out coming in on the tag end off it.
They had it all out yesterday and cleared the air a little.
They had pumped the well dry, and could get no more water.
They had to accustom themselves to the hot weather.
They had to lower their sights and buy a smaller house than they would have liked.
They had to watch their young family die off through lack of food.
They hated that conceited, self-satisfied creature.
They have been told that rescue operations are progressing smoothly.
They have broken through in various fields of research.
They have decided to close that branch down.
They have fastened up all their things.
They have gone to the port.
They have insist on a full pictorial coverage of the event.
They have lent out the car to some friends.
They have sent me some pictures of Guilin.
They have succeeded to admiration.
They have to keep the room dark to develop the films.
They have turned the corner and the work is now a success.
They heaped blame upon him.
They held most of the shares in the business.
They hissed down the author when he tried to speak.
They inspired and organized a great demonstration against the king.
They jeered at the proposal put forward by the speaker.
They keep on read english aloud every day.
They kept it for Mary.
They kitted themselves out to catch changes in the political wind.
They knocked together a rough box with wooden boards.
They laid mines to keep the enemy from coming near.
They like to look back on those unforgettable years in the army.
They live in a cottage near by.
They live on a farm.
They lived well, on the proceeds of raids on neighbouring regions.
They look upon her as their big sister.
They lost the contract because their bid was too high.
They made a break-through in missiles, and by1961, 2, and3, they will be out-numbering us in missiles.
They may be wanting to know when you leave for home.
They mess about in the club most of the summer.
They mislaid the linoleum.
They must be resolved on the highest plane of national interest, if our cause is to prove sound and our future protected.
They must take this. It is Hobson's choice.
They needed time and practice to master the skill.
They never seem to have a proper plan but manage to muddle through somehow.
They ordered a new roll royce for the managing director.
They overcharged me10 dollars for the meal.
They painted the kitchen and then decide to go the whole hog and redecorate the other room as well.
They pay thirty fen per kilowatt hour.
They picked up as many people from the burning ship as they could.
They plan to make a show with a movie star penciled in as the attraction.
They play single this afternoon.
They pried military information out of a prisoner.
They proposed to form, a new party from those breaking away from the major groups.
They pushed on through the woods until they reached an open road.
They put out for tenders for a new central heating system.
They put up many tall buildings last year.
They rambled on through the woods.
They reached the other side at about midnight and lay to about four miles at shore.
They removed into the country.
They represent each society stratum.
They rigged up the ship efficiently.
They rolled the child up in a blanket.
They rushed at the enemy.
They said three baby birds fall out of the nest.
They sat in a second-class compartment.
They seem to regard it as a small triumph.
They sell new and used furniture.
They sent five dollars to Mr. Smith.
They served up the same old excuse for their slackness.
They set sail with the first fair wind.
They settled their dispute and blew away disunity.
They ship did not dock long enough for the crew to get shore leave.
They sometimes chatted away for hours.
They speak they again do not need alcohol.
They spent the whole day wandering about seeing the sights.
They squeezed through the crowd in a hurry.
They started five minutes ago; we must do all we can to catch up.
They steadily gained in experience.
They stood as a mark of respect when he came in.
They switched positions.
They take the office on a short let.
They talked the afternoon away in the park.
They tells I come too early.
They thought no one could hold up under such hardship. But we carried it through.
They threw some water on her face, and she soon came around.
They told me how Mr. Gladstone read homer for fun, which I though serve him right.
They tried to break up the strike by firing many of its leaders.
They tried to make the boy open up but in vain.
They trooped away to the football game.
They ultimately decided not to go.
They used crane to lift the container from the ship.
They used to live in Scotland but they move down south.
They voted out the measure.
They wanted to stop me, but they can't now.
They watched the fish swimming in the aquarium.
They went all out against the war.
They went on to ask a string of questions about our college education.
They were a unit on the question.
They were all very pleased with the news.
They were baffled in their test.
They were fighting together in the public bar.
They were got up in their best clothes.
They were impressed by his sincerity and straightforwardness.
They were killed, to the last man, in a futile attack.
They were much moved at the story.
They were observing a suspected person.
They were presented with flowers on arrival at the airport.
They were tired of waiting.
They were very busy and had to hold up on all plans to travel.
They were wrecked on the reef.
They will be arriving either before of after the show begins.
They will depend more on their parents.
They will meet you outside the theater at7.15.
They will set forth on a thirty-mile hike tomorrow afternoon.
They worked on without cease.
They would just drop in on us for a chat at any moment.
They wound their way through the narrow valley.
They'll be enjoying the sunshine.
They'll hold together in life and death whatever may happen.
They're all of a kind.
They're demanding a four-day week.
They've done a remarkable job.
They've paid out nearly￡500 this month.
Thick and fast indeed came the events.
Thieves raided the bank and got away with a lot of money.
Thing that limits a person's freedom of action
Things are happening so fast that she's at sixes and sevens about what to do next.
Things can go wrong on a big scale as a number of people recently discovered in Parramatta, a suburb of Sydney.
Thirty yuan Renminbi, but we do not do lunch.
This activity applies to all children under12.
This aircraft company deals with freight only; it has no passenger service.
This area comes under the power of the local court.
This article is long enough to fill in two pages.
This award is a tribute to Walter's twenty years of dedicated service to the company.
This beer has gone flat.
This book is out of stock.
This book sentimentalizes the suffering of the disabled.
This box is five times less than that one.
This boy's honesty is above suspicion.
This building is detached from the other buildings nearby.
This business is a cover for unlawful activity.
This can be achieved by means of firebricks.
This city has had a chequered history.
This cloth does not shrink in the wash.
This coat has no pockets.
This colour doesn't seem to fall in with my age.
This concerns the healthy growth of the children deeply.
This cork fits in nicely.
This course is designed as an introduction to the subject.
This dirty deal was sewn up over drinks in the hotel bar.
This document includes many articles.
This dormant volcano suddenly fired up.
This dress is made of silk, isn't it?
This echo-location in bats is often compared with radar, the principle of which is similar.
This evening dress is fashioned after the latest Paris model.
This explanation evidently conveyed something to the girl who searched shelf after shelf.
This food is a Sichuan speciality. Help yourself, please.
This fuse is rated at50 amperes.
This girl is more lovable than her friend.
This greatly reduced the threat presented by typhoons.
This happened under her very eyes.
This head must have been found in Classical times and carefully preserved.
This horn is out of tune.
This is Mr. Cruise.
This is a book useful for beginners in French.
This is a day to get things out into the open, particularly money matters.
This is a good fit.
This is a life-and-death struggle concerning who will win out.
This is a novel reeking with sentimentalism.
This is a question of great moment.
This is at root a question of biology.
This is extremely irritating.
This is how it happened.
This is just what we have long sought for.
This is neither the time nor the place to exercise your wit. Kindly settle down and attend to the business in hand.
This is not an industry that would rock along quietly from one decade to the next.
This is on me, I insist.
This is the best restaurant in town, bar none.
This is the chief obstacle to world peace.
This is the finest picture I have ever seen.
This is the longest street in the city.
This is the nicest song I have ever heard.
This is the problem of price.
This is the woman who was once adopted as a baby.
This jar of pure honey weighs350 grams net.
This kind of bike is set at100 dollars.
This kind of weather often brings on influenza.
This last consignment of hosiery is quite up to standard.
This lemon juice is very strong. You should water it down.
This line of conduct seems advisable to me.
This lotion should help clear your skin of spots.
This matter will go over until the next session.
This meat smell bad.
This medicine will settle your nerves.
This method can be used in conjunction with other methods.
This misprint led to great confusion.
This monument was built to perpetuate the memory of Abraham Lincoln.
This motorcar handles well.
This news make us all sit up and take notice.
This noun is used only attributively.
This nylon doesn't knit up as well as pure wool.
This old carriage antedates the invention of the car.
This old stamp isn't sticky any more; I shall have to gum it down onto the envelope.
This opera finely brings out his spirit of wholehearted dedication to the revolution.
This painting depicts the Battle of Waterloo.
This pill will help to settle your nerves.
This plan of yours cuts into our schedule rather badly.
This poem doesn't say much to me.
This point should be brought home to our cadres.
This price will leave us no profit to speak of; therefore, we consider it as unworkable.
This problem is the most difficult in the three ones.
This project tied up a great deal of manpower.
This river is about300 miles long.
This room could do with a cleaning.
This room needs slicking up.
This rubbish had been disposed of.
This scene acts well.
This sentence bears no other construction.
This shop can fit you out with anything you need.
This special cream will help to soften up our skin.
This statement refers to all of us.
This story inspires people.
This struggle brought good results.
This suit show your figure off nicely.
This tailor is famous for making good suit.
This tendency is now spreading rapidly downwards.
This train calls at every station.
This trick escaped detection at the time.
This unit have become more advanced than before.
This victory demonstrates that our Party deserves to be called a great, glorious and correct party.
This was a pleasure she could not deny herself.
This was something we had not figured on at all.
This was your best performance, bar none.
This wine is inferior to that in flavor.
This wool makes up into a warm shawl.
This work is getting on top of me.
This wretched rheumatism has been playing me up again.
This year's final is a needle match between Manchester City and their old rivals Manchester United.
This, of course, involves certain difficulties[painstaking work].
Those against?
Those hotels offer plain comforts.
Those men aren't students, either.
Those old railway carriages will be broken up for scrap.
Those salesmen who go over the top this month will get a bonus.
Those the small chickens run below the hen wing in order to hide.
Those who constitute the executive branch of a government.
Those who never have to change house become indiscriminate collectors of what can only be described as clutter.
Though he was not noticed by the police, he felt the need to criticize him-self for it.
Though it was a very difficult job, Helen was able to bring it off successfully ahead of schedule.
Though they could be seen, they were out of hearing.
Though wounded, he continued fighting as if nothing had happened.
Thousands of eyes are fixed on the Tian An Men rostrum.
Threatened strike by air-traffic controllers
Three concerts in a week is going it rather, isn't it?
Through a regrettable oversight I failed to send you an invitation.
Through traffic; through lanes.
Throw away that break dish.
Throwing my mind back to five years, I understood what my teacher told me.
Thus they managed to finish their autumn ploughing in time.
Tianjin is to the southeast of Beijing.
Tie this end to the pole but leave the other end free.
Time is getting on.
Time past; yore.
Time wears on more slowly when you are not interested.
Time's up. I have to hang up the receiver now.
Tina is always teasing her brother and unfortunately he can't take it.
Tired as he was he offered to carry the child.
To The general began his army life as a private soldier and landed up as ruler of his country.
To act as a conduit for stolen goods.
To act in a deliberately artificial, vulgar, or banal way.
To act, grow, or move in a wanton manner; be wanton.
To address a court as a lawyer or an advocate.
To adjust(a lens, for example) to produce a clear image.
To adopt for use by or in the military.
To affect a wistful or languid air, especially in order to gain sympathy.
To announce officially and publicly; declare.
To apply a flux to.
To approach an end.
To arrange aesthetically or artistically.
To arrest(a criminal, for example).
To assemble in or hold a caucus.
To assign(a player) to a minor-league team.
To bargain or haggle.
To be alive; live.
To be careful!
To be employed; have a job.
To be great is to be misunderstand.
To be in or come into equilibrium.
To be obliged; must. Used in statutes, deeds, and other legal documents.
To be used up.
To beat or strike with or as if with a cudgel.
To become brisk; increase in strength. Used of the wind.
To become glassy.
To become marked by or cause an unintentional transfer of ink.
To become radiant.
To beget and conceive(offspring).
To blossom; bloom.
To branch out into numerous subdivisions that lack a main axis, as the stem of an elm.
To break, burst, or rip apart with force; rend.
To bring forth(a sigh, for example) with obvious effort.
To bring to a bad or worse condition; debase.
To bring up(a subject) for discussion or debate.
To build(a road, for example) to follow the contour of the land.
To cast in an unsuitable role.
To cause annoyance or displeasure.
To cause surprise or mild disapproval.
To cause to become financially bankrupt.
To cause to expand by or as if by inflating.
To cause to grow or yield a crop.
To cause to move toward a goal; aim.
To change in form or character; alter.
To change(a solid) to a liquid state by the application of heat or pressure or both.
To chatter; babble.
To chirp or whistle, as a bird does.
To clean(a wooden ship's hull) by applying heat to soften the pitch and then scraping.
To close one's account with
To coerce or inhibit by or as if by threats.
To complete the military ceremony, 100 planes will fly over.
To conclude from evidence or premises.
To confine(a student) to the grounds of a college as punishment.
To connect(an appliance) to an electrical outlet.
To construct with such parallel horizontal beams.
To contrive and present as genuine; counterfeit.
To convert to Communist principles or control.
To cover or treat with grit.
To cover(a fire), as with ashes or fresh fuel, to ensure continued low burning.
To create or leave blank spaces in(printed or illustrated matter). Often used with out.
To crowd together excessively.
To cut and spread open and flat, as shrimp.
To cut or divide into two parts, especially two equal parts.
To damage the reputation, character, or good name of by slander or libel.
To defeat handily or decisively.
To delay until a future time; put off.
To denounce or condemn.
To deprive of peace or rest; trouble.
To describe in writing.
To detach from what secures; unfasten.
To determine the total of; add up.
To disengage(a clutch, for example).
To dispose of or pass off by deception.
To disturb the surface of(water or a stream); agitate.
To divide into three equal parts.
To do him justice, he is not without some merits.
To do what a letter ask to be done.
To draw milk from a female mammal.
To eater into the mood of this epic poem requires both sensitivity and imagination.
To embody; personify.
To empty out(a container or vehicle), as by overturning or tilting.
To enclose in or as if in a sphere.
To engage in a formal discussion or argument.
To engage in or spread gossip.
To enroll compulsorily into service; draft.
To examine or explore by touching(an organ or area of the body), usually as a diagnostic aid.
To exclude from a group.
To exert strong pressure in order to force(something) open.
To expend all one's strength and resources toward achievement of an end or purpose.
To expose to or reveal by radiation.
To express oneself in pantomime.
To extract(juice, for example) by squeezing or compressing.
To feel or express sorrow or pity for; sympathize with.
To fill beyond capacity, especially with food; satiate.
To fill, cover, or coat with loam.
To fish for by trailing a baited line from behind a slowly moving boat.
To flatten, stretch, or mold(metal) by hammering or die stamping.
To fly like a kite; soar or glide.
To forbid, hinder, or prevent.
To form the crown, top, or chief ornament of.
To free from bondage, oppression, or restraint; liberate.
To frustrate the hopes or plans of.
To furnish with a computer or computer system.
To gain an amount equal to that invested, as in a commercial venture.
To gather and light the materials for(a fire).
To get at the fruit, you pare off the rather thick peel with a sharp knife.
To give credit to a disagreeable or malevolent person.
To give myself time to think, I tamped down the tobacco in my pipe and then lit it slowly.
To give orders.
To give up one's career just as one becomes highly successful.
To go about on foot.
To go into a state of ecstasy.
To go toward the bottom of a body of water; submerge.
To hanker; yearn.
To have a need or desire for food.
To have as one's territory or sphere of work.
To have room for; accommodate.
To heat(an oven, for example) beforehand.
To his delight and relief the dentist's touch was, if not quite as light as thistledown, at least sensitive, and certainly far from the brutal assault he had feared.
To hit with or as if with a heavy club.
To impel as if with a spur; urge on.
To include(expenditures) in business accounts as assets instead of expenses.
To increase the weight or body of(fabrics) by treating with chemicals.
To inflict great pain on; torment.
To initiate, as into a college fraternity, by exacting humiliating performances from or playing rough practical jokes upon.
To inspire admiration or wonder.
To interfere or meddle in other people's affairs.
To join or form a pool.
To keep a constant distance apart. Used of a pair of wheels.
To keep watch.
To know(a person or thing).
To lead or guide in the wrong direction; lead astray.
To lease for less than the proper value.
To leave quickly and secretly and hide oneself, often to avoid arrest or prosecution.
To look in(a public area) for a sexual partner.
To lose one's temper.
To lurch or swerve while in motion.
To make a chip shot in golf.
To make a denizen of; grant rights of residence to.
To make a hole in something.
To make a powerful impression on; overwhelm.
To make classic or classical.
To make discontented.
To make formal.
To make indistinct and hazy in outline or appearance; obscure.
To make jokes or quips.
To make matters/things worse, it started to snow when evening came.
To make oneself clean, neat, or presentable.
To make progress; improve.
To make slender, fine, or small.
To make this cake you must first mix butter and sugar to the consistency of thick cream.
To make weary; exhaust.
To make(a visit or call).
To manage clumsily; bungle.
To march in single file or in files or columns.
To more central premises at the above address, to which all communication shall in future are addressed.
To move at a steady trot.
To move in a weaving, wobbling, or rolling manner.
To move or go around completely; make a circuit of.
To move roughly or suddenly.
To move with the body close to the ground, as on hands and knees.
To my mind, he is very rude.
To open(a school or workplace, for example) to members of all races or ethnic groups, especially by force of law.
To or into a lower or inferior condition, as of subjection, defeat, or disgrace.
To our friendship. bottom up!
To overcome(an opponent) by artful, clever maneuvering.
To pardon or remit(a sin).
To pass out; faint.
To pave with a bituminous material.
To pilot or drive(a vehicle) carrying no passengers or freight.
To place in or as if in a coffin.
To place or conceal in a secure place.
To place(an employee, for example) under bond or guarantee.
To plaster or join with mortar.
To play(a tune) on a flute.
To poison or mix(food or drink) with a drug.
To preserve(food).
To prevent any argument, I'll toss you for who does the washing-up.
To proceed rapidly; hurry.
To produce as an average figure
To produce written material, such as articles or books.
To project or extend beyond.
To propel, eject, or insert with or as if with a pump.
To push or strike with or as if with the head; butt.
To put ashore on a deserted island or coast and intentionally abandon.
To put in place or position.
To put into simpler terms; explain or interpret.
To put out of order.
To put(a claim or action) out of court without further hearing.
To quote a lower price than that quoted by(another); undersell.
To recover, as from depression or disappointment.
To reduce the pride of; humble.
To refer(proposed legislation, for example) to a committee again.
To regard with horror or loathing; abominate.
To release from an entanglement or difficulty; disengage.
To relieve or release(pressure); let off.
To remove a pack from(a pack animal).
To remove(living tissue) from the natural site of growth and place in a medium for culture.
To render unfit to eat or drink without destroying usefulness in other applications, especially to add methanol to(ethyl alcohol).
To replace fact with fantasy unconsciously in memory.
To repress; stifle.
To respect the local custom of the buying country is one important aspect of China's foreign policy.
To retract(something said).
To revert to an earlier type or stage in one's past.
To safeguard our country we must continuously strengthen our defense.
To say or express by gestures.
To score par on(a hole or course) in golf.
To secure and maintain a tight hold on; seize firmly.
To seek or seize as prey or plunder.
To seize(a fugitive or wrongdoer); arrest.
To sell; peddle.
To set up camp or live in a camp.
To sew or do similar work with a small, slender, sharp-pointed implement.
To shift a motor vehicle into a higher gear.
To shorten one's grip on the handle of a bat or racket.
To show to be inaccurate or untrue.
To signal or summon, as by nodding or waving.
To sleep for a brief period, often during the day; doze.
To speak or write at length and with many digressions.
To spend the summer, as at a special place.
To spread the rumor or report of.
To stamp(gold and silver articles) with a mark indicating purity.
To start, as on a trip; leave.
To stem the rising tide against him, he is to swing around the circle in Yorkshire tonight.
To stop doing something; quit.
To study or complete a course of study at a preparatory school.
To subject to or treat with fumes.
To succeed in avoiding.
To summon up one's inner resources in preparation for action.
To supply with or transmit through a microphone.
To support or strengthen from beneath.
To surround or encircle with or as if with a belt or girdle.
To take part in or as if in a drag race.
To take(a wave) over the stern.
To talk stupidly or childishly.
To tell the truth, I fell asleep in the middle.
To test(a technique or product, for example) under conditions of actual operation or use.
To the rear, march!
To think that such men are elected to the House of Commons!
To transfer ownership of or title to.
To translate a computer program expressed in a problem-oriented language into a computer-oriented language.
To travel about or journey over.
To treat comrades like enemies is to go over to the stand of the enemy.
To treat without proper respect or attentiveness.
To try something on
To turn or cause to turn(a vessel) to leeward.
To use a safety belt, especially in an automobile.
To use power or authority, especially in an excessive or heavy-handed way.
To utter in a loud, powerful voice.
To utter the sound made by cattle; moo.
To view with contempt; despise.
To walk from place to place; move about.
To ward off the feeling, I drank the whisky quickly.
To withhold work from(employees) during a labor dispute.
To work toward the passage of(legislation) by logrolling.
To wrap(something intended as a gift) in a decorative manner.
To write or print the final draft of(an official document).
To yield(oneself) completely, as to emotion.
Tobacco used to form the body of a cigar.
Today is May21st.
Together, let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
Tom Smith is a newcomer, but he has already muscled in the political circles that control the town.
Tom blew his father a kiss tonight.
Tom do not mind be visited even if he is study.
Tom give me a new knife as compensation for the one he lose.
Tom has become bored with high living and he is going to work in a factory.
Tom has the job of washing the car.
Tom never thinks things through carefully. He's always rushing to conclusions.
Tom receive three letters from his mother.
Tom spends all his money for candy. A fool and his money are soon parted.
Tom upset the other team's applecart by hitting a home run in the last inning and we won the game.
Tom was cleared out of the inn, bag and baggage.
Tom was pushed out for his unfavorable suggestion to the boss.
Tom will really light up when he sees his new bike.
Tonight there is a stir among the palm leaves, a swell in the sea, Full Moon, like the heart throb of the world.
Tony slapped his hat on and ran out of the house.
Too many students were pressed into the classroom, and we could hardly breathe.
Too much work is no excuse for not studying.
Took a dim view of their prospects.
Took mess with the enlistees.
Tore the paper carefully along the fold.
Tower is measured by their shadow, and great men by their calumniator.
Tractors have revolutionized farming.
Trade should not serve as a means of economic plunder.
Traffic has dropped off since the by-pass opened.
Tragedy is a type of literature that involves death, suffering or disaster.
Trample with your feet, and trample it in!
Transformation of one element into another by one or a series of nuclear reactions.
Trice a sail.
Trifler, wilt thou sing till June?
Troops were hurried to the war zone.
Trousers made of corduroy.
True praise takes root and spread.
Trust me, the game is really worth playing.
Truth is stranger than fiction; fictions is obliged to stick to possibilities, truth isn't.
Try to conjure up a picture of life in ancient Greece.
Try to learn by heart these english word and phrases.
Try to sell them our most profitable product and he's hope you can bring off a deal.
Try3678-9012. She shall be there.
Tumultuous crowds, upheavals, passions
Turn down the second street on the right.
Turn on the radio.
Twenty years had not dimmed his memory.
Twist one's wrist.
Two best men in our team are shooting off for the prize.
Two competitors have scratched from the10, 000 meters with torn leg muscles.
Two fire engines arrived shortly after the fire blazed up.
Two houses burnt down last week.
Two men blocking the path put the wind up her.
Two sheep have been lost.
Two week from today
Two years have passed since he left for France.
Ugly as sin themselves, the two stepsisters hated Cinderella for her beauty.
Umpteen reasons; umpteen guests.
Unable to read and write.
Unblock a road; unblock a coronary artery.
Under no illusions about her mother and younger sisters, Elizabeth begins to see Darcy's inherently honest character.
Under the heel of Stalinism; the heel of an autocrat.
Under their influence, the horizons sprung wide and fear went away and the unknown became knowable.
Underwriters Laboratory
Unemployment insurance and income tax are taken out of your pay before you get it.
Unfortunately I am not aware of that.
Unhappily, we never saw her again.
Unlike what thy forests teach,
Unpleasantly coarse and rough to the touch.
Unsound mind, like unsound body, if you feed, you poison.
Until tomorrow, then.
Unwilling to forgo dessert.
Up to date we have no news of him.
Upon examination we find whole of the contents stained.
Use this command to open an existing document in a new window
Used as a command to assume an erect military posture.
Used as a disparaging term for a heterosexual person.
Used as a greeting or farewell, and as a request for silence.
Used as a title of respect for men in Turkey, equivalent to sir.
Used especially in response to sudden pain.
Used in or obtained by extraction.
Used to introduce a remark, resume a narrative, or fill a pause during conversation.
Used with Your, Her, or Their as a title and form of address for a woman or women holding the rank of lady.
Using or able to use two languages, especially with equal or nearly equal fluency.
Usual price
Usually, on the first journey, the pilot on board a hovercraft, has to endure the discomfort caused by the spray which comes on board.
Vagabonds meandering through life.
Van used by the police to take prisoner from one place to another.
Very distant; remote.
Very intelligent or talented
Very severe or unpleasant
Very well, doctor, I'll try to take more exercise.
Viciousness of conduct or action.
Vigorous and hearty
Violent abnormal behavior.
Voted the straight Republican ticket.
Wage increases have cushioned us from the effects of higher prices.
Wait for a break in the traffic before cross the road.
Wait will you have all the proofs; don't rush to conclusions.
Waitress
Walk up and see our wonderful stamp collection.
Wallis is always trying to make waves.
Warm wish for happy holiday season.
Was a hundred dollars in pocket after a day at the races.
Was cold sober.
Was intent on leaving within the hour; are intent upon being recognized.
Was subject to coughs, asthma, and the like.
Was/Wasn't the concert to your liking?
Wasp sting is serious, as I know to my cost.
Water heats slowly.
Water seeped into the pores of the rock.
Water-skiing is very enjoyable.
Waves wash the shore.
We accept the lowest quote.
We adopt an active attitude towards drawing on overseas fund to make up for domestic fund shortage.
We agree to use cartons for outer packing.
We all hung back when we saw how old the car was.
We all like having you as our teacher, although we don't always behave well in class.
We all pitched in, and within an hour the whole camp was set up.
We all sighed with relief when the plan finally touched down safely.
We allocate10% of revenue to publicity.
We also train them to make use of reference books.
We always overdo at Christmas.
We are all in favor of this plan.
We are always do something for posterity, but I will fain see posterity do something for us.
We are at your disposal.
We are busy on Tuesday.
We are considering a machine tool joint venture of moderate scale.
We are displeasure at her impatience.
We are extremely appreciative of your friendly advice.
We are grateful to you-beyond expression.
We are hoping for an improvement but thing have go from bad to worse.
We are in sympathy with his misfortune.
We are just being followed.
We are living at a time when machines do work which men used to do.
We are married, but we are still two different individual.
We are not in a position to entertain business at your price, since it is far below our cost price.
We are prepared to lend you the money with no strings attached.
We are puzzled by the sudden disappearance of our guide.
We are really sweat as we wait for the result.
We are sending you today by the American Railway Express, prepaid, the following books:
We are sorry that this item is out of stock for the time.
We are strong against this resolution.
We are sure you will enjoy being here, and you are cordially invited to visit with us when you have the opportunity.
We are willing to use foreign patent technique and equipment in the form of compensation trade.
We arranged with him to meet at the hotel at one o'clock.
We arrived safely.
We assumed that the train would be on time.
We attacked the enemy from the rear.
We beat their team with a vengeance.
We believe in his ability.
We call him Xiao Wang.
We came about and went off on a new tack.
We came upon a little village sitting in the hills.
We can allow a2% discount on all orders of$600 in value and over, orders exceeding$2,000 are subject to3% discount.
We can come to some arrangement over the price.
We can feed an army tonight.
We can go for a drink first, or have a look at the factory first. What's it to be?
We can only supply you with20,000 yards of pure silk.
We can reconsider our price if your order is big enough.
We can see the car running in top.
We can supply most models from stock and are prepared to supply you with fine quality camera if you need it.
We can use plastics in place of wood or metal.
We can't accept that as a basis for a decision.
We can't enter into details at present.
We cannot find any trace of the check mention by you.
We cannot supply funds without limit.
We celebrate Mother's Day in honour of our mothers.
We charged and the enemy's front line fell back.
We climbed the mountain in three hours, which was good going.
We condole with him on [up on] his loss.
We consider it a good chance.
We couldn't hear her at the back of the hall because her voice doesn't carry.
We crammed more than a hundred books into the small bookcase.
We decide to let sleeping dog lie and not take them to court.
We decided to kill the rats by poisoning them.
We demanded an immediate answer of then.
We did not notice this matter until yesterday.
We didn't find it strange that no one would take the money.
We don't get to onto anatomy until next year.
We don't know which of them is going to be elected chairman, so we'd better hedge our bets and he nice to both of them.
We don't usually accept cheques, but we'll make an exception in your case.
We drive there and back on one tank of petrol.
We eat with our mouths.
We enclose herewith an inquiry sheet.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
We felt awe when contemplating the works of Bach. The imprisoned soldiers were in awe of their captors.
We fill with exultation in the new victory.
We finished the work among ourselves.
We flied to get over that area many times.
We found a cupboard set over the fireplace.
We found it quite a change when we moved to London.
We found the room chocked up with useless old furniture.
We go to dig in like all get—out.
We got creamed.
We got the house at a cheap price because it was almost falling down.
We greatly regret the mistake make in send you the goods.
We had a family reunion and my sister-whom I haven't seen for years-graced us with her presence.
We had a long wait, but it was worthwhile because we got the tickets.
We had a simple room with on frills, just a bed and a chest of drawers.
We had roasted pheasant for dinner.
We had the whole compartment to ourselves.
We had to fight the other firm for the order.
We had to sober him up before taking him home.
We hammered out our differences over a glass of beer.
We hauled up in front of the house.
We have a guided tour of the ruins.
We have an informal agreement to ride to school together.
We have be approached several times but have turn down all offer.
We have been dating for four weeks but Joe has never even make a pass at me.
We have been wired into the main system now.
We have bundled up everything.
We have cut down the non-productive expenditure.
We have disposed of the rubbish.
We have got inside information concerning the meeting.
We have heard of men celebrating their country's battles who in war were celebrated for keeping out of them.
We have just had an English lesson.
We have lost a first-rate teacher in Jim.
We have marked the play area off with a white line.
We have no clue as to where she go after she leave home.
We have no sooner set out than a thunder storm break
We have really plumped up these chickens.
We have reduced the unproductive spending.
We have seat at15 in the balcony.
We have signed on a hundred machine operators.
We have sublet part of our office to a financial consultancy.
We have the freedom to do as we please all afternoon.
We have thousand and one things to do before we set out for our holiday.
We have to spread the issue over next meeting.
We have two ears and one mouth that we may listen the more and talk the less.
We have200 people working for us.
We haven't had a square meal for a week.
We hear the song sing in English.
We heard the story form his own lips of how he had been hard at his design.
We hereby revoke the agreement of January1st1982.
We hope to hear from you favourably.
We hope you can show us the certificate issued by the Health Office.
We hope you'll give us an attractive price.
We hurried on to make up for lost time.
We insist on self-reliance.
We invite you to know us. That is the beginning of friendship between people---and friendship between people is the basis for friendship between governments.
We just caught the plane
We laid ourselves flat when we heard the bullets whistling overhead.
We leave tomorrow but I haven't begun to pack yet!
We lifted the load by means of a crane.
We listen eagerly, for he bring news of our families.
We live in the country and keep early hours.
We located the shops and the post office as soon as we moved into the town.
We looked at the conjurer in silent conjurer.
We make our way to the coast and thence by sea to France.
We managed to record the whole of the concert from a live studio broadcast.
We may compare iron wish decide which is harder.
We may take Rome in our way.
We might have a free press, but that doesn't mean all reporting is true and accurate.
We moved out on Wednesday and the new tenants moved in on Thursday.
We must all pull together, or the factory will fail.
We must build more fields giving stable and high yields.
We must come to definite decision.
We must constitute ourselves a vigorous, loyal and public-spirited opposition party.
We must dig the vegetable garden.
We must do our bit towards protecting the environment.
We must enquire further into the matter.
We must first of all destroy the enemy effectives.
We must hurry in order to not be late.
We must keep fully alert.
We must keep up with the times.
We must look the facts in the face.
We must make up quite a lot of leeway if we're to finish the job on schedule.
We must not stand by with folded arms when people damage state property.
We must perform the task that has been imposed upon us.
We must stop meeting like this people are beginning to talk!
We must take action before it is too late.
We must tell them of [about] our decision.
We must try to get to the bottom of it. Do you have any clues yet?
We must wait until his return.
We mustn't give way to these unreasonable demands.
We mustn't sit by while our neighboring Commune is short of manpower.
We need to cooperate perfectly to win the game.
We need workers' help.
We never know what will be"in".
We now living in a world in which robot take over much of the work.
We offer this small token by way of appreciation.
We often go for a ramble in the park after supper.
We often turn to this handbook for information on transistors.
We pass through four countries on our way to greece.
We pay money down.
We piped the water down.
We planned to floor our room with oak.
We politely turned down the invitation.
We prefix Mr. to a man's name.
We promise to deliver your order on time.
We read about the storm in the paper today.
We receive your cheque, value$250,000 which we have pass to your credit on account.
We regard him as a fool.
We regret that we are unable to take the goods offer by you, owing to our are overstock at present.
We regret to say that your price is too high.
We relieve to see you back safe and sound.
We require a special offer for the opening of our business.
We saw the missile coming our way and ducked down.
We see a few cabin by the edge of the thick forest.
We seem to be at cross-purposes. I want to ask you to dinner tomorrow, not your boss.
We sell direct from the factory to the customer and cut out the middleman.
We send off for the new catalogue.
We serve coffee in the lounge.
We shall be delighted if you'll lunch with us.
We shall give you a call when you may have had a chance to come up with some suitable prospects.
We shall have to throw out a line of experienced soldiers to protect our weak front.
We shall make the plan with an eye to the future.
We shall not hear the last of it.
We shall so act that we shall have nothing to regret.
We share a small room between us.
We should always help each other.
We should help him out.
We should make good use of our time.
We should not kiss off our responsibility for that.
We should save unnecessary expense.
We should take steps to prevent war.
We shouldn't harbour any unrealistic notions about the talks on the so-called disarmament.
We signed out of college on Friday evening and returned on Monday morning.
We stand side by side with you in this dispute.
We stayed in a hotel on the lake last night.
We stood in full view of the crowd.
We stopped to listen carefully, but we didn't hear anyone speaking.
We study hard so that we may work better.
We surmise that the delay is caused by some accident.
We take the10: 25 express to Edinburgh.
We think you are a most valuable member of the team, but don't let it go to your head.
We threw all the men we had into the battle.
We took a walk an hour ago.
We trade on the principle of equality and mutual benefit.
We tried the new supermarket last week, but it's not what it's cracked up to be.
We tried to pair Mary and Robert off.
We trust that you will favour us with a trial at an early date, and await the pleasure of hearing from you.
We used to laugh at their provincial manners. I had to laugh when I saw who my opponent was.
We usually knock off at about five o'clock.
We visited both New York and London.
We waited for the procession to go by.
We walked a few more steps and then we reached the rocky bridge that juts out from the bank.
We want peace, we want freedom, we want security we want stronger, we want freedom to gain.
We want to really know the principles of its structure.
We went to the park and spent a happy afternoon strolling around, and it didn't cost a penny.
We were all entertained by his tricks.
We were amused at the way he so frequently chopped into our conversation by saying:"I thought as much."
We were careful not to come within gunshot of the enemy.
We were down to10 gallons and we still had a long way to go.
We were fogbound at London Airport for12 hours.
We were half convinced.
We were relocated to the other side of town.
We were snowed in for three days last winter.
We were surprised to see how welcome they were in the countryside.
We were turned back at the gate.
We were winning the boat race until our boat went aground(on an sand bank).
We will back you up if you put the suggestion to the meeting.
We will do it in a jiffy.
We will resolutely perform our internationalist duty no matter what happens.
We will try to cool the water.
We wish to add...
We wish to remind you of our letter of... in which we asked you to...
We won't give up halfway, happen what may.
We work from sun to sun.
We would have gone on the picnic if it hadn't rained.
We'd better start for the hotel.
We'd like to accept the order for prompt delivery.
We'd like to renew our sole agency agreement for another two years.
We'd very much appreciate your help.
We'll be there inside an hour.
We'll change it, then. You take this one.
We'll draw on you by our documentary draft at sight on collection basis.
We'll have to hurry, It's getting late.
We'll lead with the dock strike.
We'll move back to Building5 early next week.
We'll pay you half up front and the other half when you've finished the job.
We'll see if that can be arranged.
We'll spend the day looking round and leave tomorrow.
We'll try again and make sure if the supplier is prepare to give you priority with their offer.
We're going to have a crazy night at a new disco pub. Are you coming?
We're having a party.
We're in for dinner tonight.
We're leaving this city; our future home will be in Paris.
We're not staying in the village, we're just passing through.
We're rather concerned about father's health.
We're staying, come hell or high water.
We've been married for2 years.
We've covered a lot of ground today. Next time we'll have a review class.
We've finished off the last of our fuel oil.
We've got plenty of cash.
We've had a new carpet laid in the bedroom.
We've laid in enough food for the winter.
We've organized an English Club, but not all the students want to be drawn in.
