This river is about300 miles long.
This room could do with a cleaning.
This room needs slicking up.
This rubbish had been disposed of.
This scene acts well.
This sentence bears no other construction.
This shop can fit you out with anything you need.
This shows man can work wonders.
This skirt is too long. Send it back to the shop.
This softening of the brain would ended in madness.
This special cream will help to soften up our skin.
This statement refers to all of us.
This story inspires people.
This struggle brought good results.
This suit show your figure off nicely.
This tailor is famous for making good suit.
This tendency is now spreading rapidly downwards.
This thesis deals with the physical operation of robots.
This time he trampled on her pride.
This toothache has been nagging at me for days.
This train calls at every station.
This trick escaped detection at the time.
This unit have become more advanced than before.
This victory demonstrates that our Party deserves to be called a great, glorious and correct party.
This was a pleasure she could not deny herself.
This was something we had not figured on at all.
This was your best performance, bar none.
This weekend is certain to be enjoyable.
This will confirm reservation made by phone on Monday for two box seats for the afternoon of March10 for" King Lear".
This will make up for what he lacked in book knowledge.
This wine is inferior to that in flavor.
This wool makes up into a warm shawl.
This work is getting on top of me.
This wretched rheumatism has been playing me up again.
This year's final is a needle match between Manchester City and their old rivals Manchester United.
This, of course, involves certain difficulties[painstaking work].
Those against?
Those aren't you pens, are they?
Those caves may house snakes or some other wild animals.
Those facilities are intended to civilize people.
Those hotels offer plain comforts.
Those men aren't students, either.
Those old railway carriages will be broken up for scrap.
Those salesmen who go over the top this month will get a bonus.
Those the small chickens run below the hen wing in order to hide.
Those who constitute the executive branch of a government.
Those who never have to change house become indiscriminate collectors of what can only be described as clutter.
Those who wish to undermine it want, but, according to our Scotch proverb, a hair to make a tether of.
Though Britons still drank more tea than any other beverage, coffee now came a close second.
Though friends for many years, the two lawyers finally ended up enemies.
Though he was not noticed by the police, he felt the need to criticize him-self for it.
Though it was a very difficult job, Helen was able to bring it off successfully ahead of schedule.
Though they could be seen, they were out of hearing.
Though wounded, he continued fighting as if nothing had happened.
Thousands of eyes are fixed on the Tian An Men rostrum.
Threatened strike by air-traffic controllers
Three concerts in a week is going it rather, isn't it?
Three masked bandits stuck up a bank yesterday.
Three problems must be posed here.
Three witnesses saw her at the scene of the crime and so the police naturally thought they had an open and shut case.
Through a regrettable oversight I failed to send you an invitation.
Through traffic; through lanes.
Throw away that break dish.
Throwing my mind back to five years, I understood what my teacher told me.
Thus they managed to finish their autumn ploughing in time.
Tianjin is to the southeast of Beijing.
Tie this end to the pole but leave the other end free.
Till thy business all lies waste.
Tim went to London himself.
Time had expunged from his memory all recollections of the terrible events he had witnessed.
Time is getting on.
Time past; yore.
Time wears on more slowly when you are not interested.
Time's up. I have to hang up the receiver now.
Tina is always teasing her brother and unfortunately he can't take it.
Tired as he was he offered to carry the child.
To The general began his army life as a private soldier and landed up as ruler of his country.
To abandon; relinquish.
To accept punishment or take the blame for an offense or error.
To achieve equal scores in a contest.
To act as a conduit for stolen goods.
To act in a deliberately artificial, vulgar, or banal way.
To act, grow, or move in a wanton manner; be wanton.
To address a court as a lawyer or an advocate.
To adjust(a lens, for example) to produce a clear image.
To adopt for use by or in the military.
To affect a wistful or languid air, especially in order to gain sympathy.
To agree a deal where the term is favourable to you.
To allocate time for.
To alter the structure of(a protein), as with heat, alkali, or acid, so that some of its original properties, especially its biological activity, are diminished or eliminated.
To announce officially and publicly; declare.
To apply a flux to.
To approach an end.
To arrange aesthetically or artistically.
To arrest(a criminal, for example).
To assemble in or hold a caucus.
To assign(a player) to a minor-league team.
To assume responsibility for the debt, default, or miscarriage of.
To attain with effort or despite difficulty.
To avoid psychological insight into(an emotional problem) by performing an intellectual analysis.
To bargain or haggle.
To be alive; live.
To be careful!
To be employed; have a job.
To be great is to be misunderstand.
To be in or come into equilibrium.
To be obliged; must. Used in statutes, deeds, and other legal documents.
To be or become lustrous.
To be plain with you, we do not consider your work entirely satisfactory.
To be tardy in acting; procrastinate.
To be used up.
To beat or strike with or as if with a cudgel.
To become brisk; increase in strength. Used of the wind.
To become glassy.
To become marked by or cause an unintentional transfer of ink.
To become radiant.
To beget and conceive(offspring).
To begin with, may I introduce to you Mr. of our corporation?
To bend or slant away from the vertical.
To bid beyond or in excess of(a previous bid or player) in a game of cards.
To blossom; bloom.
To branch out into numerous subdivisions that lack a main axis, as the stem of an elm.
To break, burst, or rip apart with force; rend.
To bring forth(a sigh, for example) with obvious effort.
To bring to a bad or worse condition; debase.
To bring up(a subject) for discussion or debate.
To build(a road, for example) to follow the contour of the land.
To buy and sell goods; trade commercially.
To call forth(a reaction, for example).
To capture or hold by or as if by a noose.
To cast in an unsuitable role.
To cause annoyance or displeasure.
To cause surprise or mild disapproval.
To cause to become financially bankrupt.
To cause to expand by or as if by inflating.
To cause to grow or yield a crop.
To cause to move toward a goal; aim.
To cause to trail along a surface, especially the ground.
To cause(a record or phonograph, for example) to emit recorded sounds.
To cause(the bowels) to evacuate.
To change in form or character; alter.
To change(a solid) to a liquid state by the application of heat or pressure or both.
To chatter; babble.
To chirp or whistle, as a bird does.
To clean(a wooden ship's hull) by applying heat to soften the pitch and then scraping.
To close one's account with
To coerce or inhibit by or as if by threats.
To combine the items of two or more sets that are each in the same given order into one set in that order.
To come open or fly apart suddenly or violently, especially from internal pressure.
To commit an injustice or offense against; wrong.
To complete the military ceremony, 100 planes will fly over.
To conclude from evidence or premises.
To confine(a student) to the grounds of a college as punishment.
To connect(an appliance) to an electrical outlet.
To construct with such parallel horizontal beams.
To contrive and present as genuine; counterfeit.
To convert to Communist principles or control.
To convey to heaven without death.
To cool(hot metal) by thrusting into water or other liquid.
To couple(two or more spacecraft, for example) in space.
To cover or treat with grit.
To cover(a fire), as with ashes or fresh fuel, to ensure continued low burning.
To create or leave blank spaces in(printed or illustrated matter). Often used with out.
To crowd together excessively.
To cut and spread open and flat, as shrimp.
To cut or divide into two parts, especially two equal parts.
To damage the reputation, character, or good name of by slander or libel.
To deal with or think of beforehand; anticipate.
To declare and wage(a war).
To decorate or weave with rich patterns.
To defeat handily or decisively.
To delay until a future time; put off.
To denounce or condemn.
To deprive of peace or rest; trouble.
To describe in writing.
To detach from what secures; unfasten.
To determine the total of; add up.
To die, especially suddenly or violently.
To direct or put(a weapon) into position for use; level.
To discharge or emit(a liquid or gas, for example) gradually.
To disengage(a clutch, for example).
To dispose of or pass off by deception.
To disturb the surface of(water or a stream); agitate.
To divide into three equal parts.
To do him justice, he is not without some merits.
To do what a letter ask to be done.
To draw milk from a female mammal.
To draw(air or smoke, for example) into the lungs by breathing; inspire.
To drink up in one draft.
To dry up or shrivel from or as if from loss of moisture.
To eater into the mood of this epic poem requires both sensitivity and imagination.
To embody; personify.
To empty out(a container or vehicle), as by overturning or tilting.
To enclose in or as if in a sphere.
To engage in a formal discussion or argument.
To engage in or spread gossip.
To enroll compulsorily into service; draft.
To entice; tempt.
To establish a single grammatical or semantic interpretation for.
To estimate the value of(property) for taxation.
To examine or explore by touching(an organ or area of the body), usually as a diagnostic aid.
To exclude from a group.
To exert strong pressure in order to force(something) open.
To expend all one's strength and resources toward achievement of an end or purpose.
To expose to or reveal by radiation.
To express oneself in pantomime.
To extract(juice, for example) by squeezing or compressing.
To fail to do what is required.
To fall in love with.
To fasten with a gib.
To feel or express sorrow or pity for; sympathize with.
To fill beyond capacity, especially with food; satiate.
To fill, cover, or coat with loam.
To fish for by trailing a baited line from behind a slowly moving boat.
To flatten, stretch, or mold(metal) by hammering or die stamping.
To fly like a kite; soar or glide.
To forbid, hinder, or prevent.
To foretell or predict(the future).
To form a small depression in(a surface).
To form or be formed into small, tight curls or tufts.
To form the crown, top, or chief ornament of.
To free from bondage, oppression, or restraint; liberate.
To frustrate the hopes or plans of.
To furnish with a computer or computer system.
To gain an amount equal to that invested, as in a commercial venture.
To gather and light the materials for(a fire).
To get at the fruit, you pare off the rather thick peel with a sharp knife.
To gird; encompass.
To give a name to facetiously or playfully; nickname.
To give all of the inflected forms of a word; to provide a paradigm.
To give credit to a disagreeable or malevolent person.
To give myself time to think, I tamped down the tobacco in my pipe and then lit it slowly.
To give orders.
To give up one's career just as one becomes highly successful.
To go about on foot.
To go into a state of ecstasy.
To go toward the bottom of a body of water; submerge.
To grant as true or valid, as for the sake of argument; concede.
To grow bored or impatient.
To guarantee the purchase of(a full issue of stocks or bonds).
To hanker; yearn.
To have a need or desire for food.
To have as one's territory or sphere of work.
To have room for; accommodate.
To heat(an oven, for example) beforehand.
To his delight and relief the dentist's touch was, if not quite as light as thistledown, at least sensitive, and certainly far from the brutal assault he had feared.
To hit with or as if with a heavy club.
To hold a meeting or a discussion
To hope for a successful or advantageous outcome.
To illustrate my point I have do a comparative analysis.
To impel as if with a spur; urge on.
To include(expenditures) in business accounts as assets instead of expenses.
To increase the weight or body of(fabrics) by treating with chemicals.
To inflict great pain on; torment.
To initiate, as into a college fraternity, by exacting humiliating performances from or playing rough practical jokes upon.
To inspire admiration or wonder.
To interfere or meddle in other people's affairs.
To introduce, especially with formal ceremony.
To involve in or hamper with financial difficulties.
To jam(a wheel) by a short turn.
To join or form a pool.
To keep a constant distance apart. Used of a pair of wheels.
To keep watch.
To know(a person or thing).
To lead or guide in the wrong direction; lead astray.
To lease for less than the proper value.
To leave quickly and secretly and hide oneself, often to avoid arrest or prosecution.
To levy a tithe on.
To linger at the love gate is sweet, and it can never be brought to an end.
To live with me
To look in(a public area) for a sexual partner.
To lose one's temper.
To lurch or swerve while in motion.
To make a chip shot in golf.
To make a denizen of; grant rights of residence to.
To make a hole in something.
To make a powerful impression on; overwhelm.
To make a silly mistake; blunder.
To make a widow or widower of.
To make an incomplete or misleading motion.
To make classic or classical.
To make discontented.
To make formal.
To make indistinct and hazy in outline or appearance; obscure.
To make jokes or quips.
To make matters/things worse, it started to snow when evening came.
To make oneself clean, neat, or presentable.
To make or become even.
To make or become wide or wider.
To make or produce a likeness of.
To make progress; improve.
To make slender, fine, or small.
To make this cake you must first mix butter and sugar to the consistency of thick cream.
To make weary; exhaust.
To make(a visit or call).
To manage clumsily; bungle.
To march in single file or in files or columns.
To marry a member of another group.
To melt; fuse.
To mistake the meaning of; misinterpret.
To more central premises at the above address, to which all communication shall in future are addressed.
To move at a steady trot.
To move in a weaving, wobbling, or rolling manner.
To move or go around completely; make a circuit of.
To move roughly or suddenly.
To move with the body close to the ground, as on hands and knees.
To my mind, he is very rude.
To nibble; crop.
To obtain a record from an input file.
To offend grossly against(standards of decency or morality); commit an outrage on.
To open(a school or workplace, for example) to members of all races or ethnic groups, especially by force of law.
To or into a lower or inferior condition, as of subjection, defeat, or disgrace.
To our friendship. bottom up!
To overcome(an opponent) by artful, clever maneuvering.
To pardon or remit(a sin).
To pass out; faint.
To pave with a bituminous material.
To penetrate with a sharp edge; strike a narrow opening in.
To perform or act(a role or part) in a dramatic performance.
To permeate; saturate.
To pilot or drive(a vehicle) carrying no passengers or freight.
To place in or as if in a coffin.
To place or conceal in a secure place.
To place(an employee, for example) under bond or guarantee.
To plaster or join with mortar.
To play(a tune) on a flute.
To poison or mix(food or drink) with a drug.
To pound; throb.
To prepare for action.
To present a statement of costs or charges to.
To preserve(food).
To prevent any argument, I'll toss you for who does the washing-up.
To proceed rapidly; hurry.
To produce as an average figure
To produce written material, such as articles or books.
To project or extend beyond.
To propel, eject, or insert with or as if with a pump.
To provide or brighten with light.
To provide(type) with a kern.
To punish for the purpose of improving or reforming.
To push or strike with or as if with the head; butt.
To put ashore on a deserted island or coast and intentionally abandon.
To put in place or position.
To put into simpler terms; explain or interpret.
To put out of order.
To put(a claim or action) out of court without further hearing.
To quote a lower price than that quoted by(another); undersell.
To raise to a higher level, especially to promote to a higher position.
To reach an agreement; come to terms.
To receive honors upon return from a victory in ancient Rome. Used of a general.
To recover, as from depression or disappointment.
To reduce the pride of; humble.
To refer(proposed legislation, for example) to a committee again.
To regard with horror or loathing; abominate.
To release from an entanglement or difficulty; disengage.
To relieve or release(pressure); let off.
To remove a pack from(a pack animal).
To remove from active military status.
To remove radicals without changing the value of(an expression) or roots of(an equation).
To remove the harness or similar equipment from.
To remove(living tissue) from the natural site of growth and place in a medium for culture.
To render unfit to eat or drink without destroying usefulness in other applications, especially to add methanol to(ethyl alcohol).
To replace fact with fantasy unconsciously in memory.
To repress; stifle.
To respect the local custom of the buying country is one important aspect of China's foreign policy.
To retract(something said).
To revert to an earlier type or stage in one's past.
To ride in a gig.
To rob of goods by force, especially in time of war; pillage.
To rub, crush, grind, or pound into fine particles or a powder; pulverize.
To safeguard our country we must continuously strengthen our defense.
To say or express by gestures.
To score par on(a hole or course) in golf.
To secure and maintain a tight hold on; seize firmly.
To seek or seize as prey or plunder.
To seize(a fugitive or wrongdoer); arrest.
To sell; peddle.
To separate grain from chaff.
To serve as a medium for(a spirit guide).
To set down in writing.
To set up camp or live in a camp.
To sew or do similar work with a small, slender, sharp-pointed implement.
To shift a motor vehicle into a higher gear.
To shorten one's grip on the handle of a bat or racket.
To show to be inaccurate or untrue.
To signal or summon, as by nodding or waving.
To sleep for a brief period, often during the day; doze.
To smooth, fit, or align accurately.
To solve by means of arithmetic.
To speak frankly and get down to the basic facts of a matter.
To speak or write at length and with many digressions.
To spend the summer, as at a special place.
To spread the rumor or report of.
To stamp(gold and silver articles) with a mark indicating purity.
To start, as on a trip; leave.
To stem the rising tide against him, he is to swing around the circle in Yorkshire tonight.
To stop doing something; quit.
To store or place(fuel) in a bunker.
To stretch(taffy, for example) repeatedly.
To strike with or as if with a whip.
To study or complete a course of study at a preparatory school.
To subject to or treat with fumes.
To succeed in avoiding.
To summon up one's inner resources in preparation for action.
To supply with or transmit through a microphone.
To support or strengthen from beneath.
To surround or encircle with or as if with a belt or girdle.
To swell or expand; enlarge.
To take arbitrarily or by force.
To take into the body by the mouth for digestion or absorption.
To take part in or as if in a drag race.
To take(a wave) over the stern.
To talk stupidly or childishly.
To tell the truth, I fell asleep in the middle.
To test(a technique or product, for example) under conditions of actual operation or use.
To the rear, march!
To think that such men are elected to the House of Commons!
To throw into disorder.
To tire with physical or mental exertion; weary.
To trail(a baited line) in fishing.
To transfer ownership of or title to.
To translate a computer program expressed in a problem-oriented language into a computer-oriented language.
To travel about or journey over.
To treat comrades like enemies is to go over to the stand of the enemy.
To treat without proper respect or attentiveness.
To try something on
To turn or cause to turn(a vessel) to leeward.
To twist(the hair, for example) into ringlets or coils.
To understand poetry, one have to read between the line.
To unseat or throw off, as from a horse.
To use a safety belt, especially in an automobile.
To use power or authority, especially in an excessive or heavy-handed way.
To utter in a loud, powerful voice.
To utter the sound made by cattle; moo.
To view with contempt; despise.
To walk from place to place; move about.
To ward off the feeling, I drank the whisky quickly.
To weaken or collapse from exertion.
To whiten(a growing plant or plant part) by covering to cut off direct light.
To wipe out, rub off, or erase(writing or other markings).
To withhold work from(employees) during a labor dispute.
To work toward the passage of(legislation) by logrolling.
To wrap(something intended as a gift) in a decorative manner.
To write or print the final draft of(an official document).
To yield(oneself) completely, as to emotion.
Tobacco used to form the body of a cigar.
Today is May21st.
Today it is his turn to collect the children from school in the community.
Today we'll have a Dutch treat at the restaurant.
Today's my sense is not good.
Together, let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
Tom Smith is a newcomer, but he has already muscled in the political circles that control the town.
Tom blew his father a kiss tonight.
Tom do not mind be visited even if he is study.
Tom give me a new knife as compensation for the one he lose.
Tom has become bored with high living and he is going to work in a factory.
Tom has the job of washing the car.
Tom is above average in his lessons.
Tom is never sick; he is as sound as a roach.
Tom isn't a very pleasant guy. He's always coming the heavy hand with me.
Tom never thinks things through carefully. He's always rushing to conclusions.
Tom receive three letters from his mother.
Tom spends all his money for candy. A fool and his money are soon parted.
Tom upset the other team's applecart by hitting a home run in the last inning and we won the game.
Tom was cleared out of the inn, bag and baggage.
Tom was pushed out for his unfavorable suggestion to the boss.
Tom will really light up when he sees his new bike.
Tom's heavy footsteps upstairs make the old house vibrate.
Tom, put the picture on the wall. Be careful not to put it up end for end.
Tomorrow I'll pay a call on him.
Tonight there is a stir among the palm leaves, a swell in the sea, Full Moon, like the heart throb of the world.
Tony slapped his hat on and ran out of the house.
Too many students were pressed into the classroom, and we could hardly breathe.
Too much work is no excuse for not studying.
Took a dim view of their prospects.
Took mess with the enlistees.
Tore the paper carefully along the fold.
Tossing out an instruction as he left, he hurried from the office, already late for his meeting.
Tough break, James. I know that must be hard for you. I'm sorry.
Tourists who visit only the attractive or wealthy parts of a city tend to see the city through rose-coloured spectacles.
Tower is measured by their shadow, and great men by their calumniator.
Tractors have revolutionized farming.
Trade should not serve as a means of economic plunder.
Traffic has dropped off since the by-pass opened.
Tragedy is a type of literature that involves death, suffering or disaster.
Trample with your feet, and trample it in!
Transformation of one element into another by one or a series of nuclear reactions.
Travelers must beware of fast traffic.
Tread the earth down around the roots
Trees flowing thin sap.
Trice a sail.
Trifler, wilt thou sing till June?
Troops were hurried to the war zone.
Trousers made of corduroy.
True praise takes root and spread.
Trust me, the game is really worth playing.
Truth is stranger than fiction; fictions is obliged to stick to possibilities, truth isn't.
Try again.
Try if you dare do so.
Try some draught Guinness, it'll put hairs on your chest.
Try to conjure up a picture of life in ancient Greece.
Try to learn by heart these english word and phrases.
Try to sell them our most profitable product and he's hope you can bring off a deal.
Try3678-9012. She shall be there.
Tumultuous crowds, upheavals, passions
Turn down the second street on the right.
Turn on the radio.
Turn the cock on.
Turn up your radio please.
Twanged the car antenna.
Twenty years had not dimmed his memory.
Twist one's wrist.
Two best men in our team are shooting off for the prize.
Two competitors have scratched from the10, 000 meters with torn leg muscles.
Two fire engines arrived shortly after the fire blazed up.
Two houses burnt down last week.
Two men blocking the path put the wind up her.
Two nurses evacuated the sick and wounded flora a combat area.
Two opposing forces that canceled out.
Two planes used by a United States Government relief agency came under missile attack over Mauritania today, and one plane was shot down, the State Department said. It was unclear who had fired the missiles.
Two sheep have been lost.
Two week from today
Two years have passed since he left for France.
Ugly as sin themselves, the two stepsisters hated Cinderella for her beauty.
Umpteen reasons; umpteen guests.
Unable to read and write.
Unblock a road; unblock a coronary artery.
Uncle Fred was a loyal member of his party. He always voted the straight ticket.
Uncle george get a black eye for ogle a lady in the pub.
Under bitter hardship, they have struggled on tirelessly and uncomplainingly.
Under no illusions about her mother and younger sisters, Elizabeth begins to see Darcy's inherently honest character.
Under the heel of Stalinism; the heel of an autocrat.
Under their influence, the horizons sprung wide and fear went away and the unknown became knowable.
Underwriters Laboratory
Unemployment insurance and income tax are taken out of your pay before you get it.
Unfortunately I am not aware of that.
Unhappily, we never saw her again.
Unions regard the government's intention to ban overtime as the thin end of the wedge.
Unjust or poor treatment; ill-usage.
Unless we can find a way of making the baby keep its food down, it is simply going to starve to death.
Unlike what thy forests teach,
Unpleasantly coarse and rough to the touch.
Unsound mind, like unsound body, if you feed, you poison.
Until tomorrow, then.
Unwilling to forgo dessert.
Up to date we have no news of him.
Upon examination we find whole of the contents stained.
Upstairs he have a studio where he painted a little.
Use Terminal to communicate with another computer via a modem.
Use of instruments for the recording or transmission of physiological information, such as breathing rate or heart rate.
Use this command to open an existing document in a new window
Used as a command to assume an erect military posture.
Used as a disparaging term for a heterosexual person.
Used as a greeting or farewell, and as a request for silence.
Used as a title of respect for men in Turkey, equivalent to sir.
Used especially in response to sudden pain.
Used in or obtained by extraction.
Used to clear a passage through a crowded area.
Used to express disbelief or annoyance.
Used to express mild surprise.
Used to introduce a remark, resume a narrative, or fill a pause during conversation.
Used with Your, Her, or Their as a title and form of address for a woman or women holding the rank of lady.
Using or able to use two languages, especially with equal or nearly equal fluency.
Usual price
Usually, on the first journey, the pilot on board a hovercraft, has to endure the discomfort caused by the spray which comes on board.
Vagabonds meandering through life.
Van used by the police to take prisoner from one place to another.
Various herbs are blended in to make a good medicine for colds.
Vaudeville or musical entertainment presented between the acts of a burlesque or minstrel show.
Venus, a beautiful good-natured lady, was the goddess of love; Juno, a terrible shrew, the goddess of marriage; and they are always mortal enemies.
Very distant; remote.
Very intelligent or talented
Very severe or unpleasant
Very well, doctor, I'll try to take more exercise.
Viciousness of conduct or action.
Vigorous and hearty
Violent abnormal behavior.
Virtue flies from the heart of a mercenary man.
Visitor to the castle is asked not to take photographs.
Volleyball is growing in popularity in China.
Voted the straight Republican ticket.
Wage increases have cushioned us from the effects of higher prices.
Wait for a break in the traffic before cross the road.
Wait will you have all the proofs; don't rush to conclusions.
Waitress
Walk up and see our wonderful stamp collection.
Wallis is always trying to make waves.
Wangled a job for which she had no training.
Wanton or cruel killing; carnage.
War seemed probable in1938. The home team, far ahead, is the probable winner.
Warm wish for happy holiday season.
Was a hundred dollars in pocket after a day at the races.
Was cold sober.
Was intent on leaving within the hour; are intent upon being recognized.
Was subject to coughs, asthma, and the like.
Was/Wasn't the concert to your liking?
Wasp sting is serious, as I know to my cost.
Watch market ready to sell if arises.
Watch the wounded eagle taking off from the ground.
Water alternates between ice and water in winter.
Water heats slowly.
Water seeped into the pores of the rock.
Water-skiing is very enjoyable.
Waves wash the shore.
We accept the lowest quote.
We adopt an active attitude towards drawing on overseas fund to make up for domestic fund shortage.
We agree to use cartons for outer packing.
We aired the room by opening the windows.
We all complain about the poor service in the hotel coffee lounge.
We all had to pledge allegiance to the flag.
We all hung back when we saw how old the car was.
We all like having you as our teacher, although we don't always behave well in class.
We all pitched in, and within an hour the whole camp was set up.
We all sighed with relief when the plan finally touched down safely.
We allocate10% of revenue to publicity.
We also train them to make use of reference books.
We always overdo at Christmas.
We anticipate a prompt reply from you.
We appreciate your reasons for objecting to the proposal.
We are advised that the shipment will arrive next week.
We are all in favor of this plan.
We are always do something for posterity, but I will fain see posterity do something for us.
We are at your disposal.
We are busy on Tuesday.
We are considering a machine tool joint venture of moderate scale.
We are displeasure at her impatience.
We are extremely appreciative of your friendly advice.
We are getting busy right away.
We are going for a drink.
We are going to pipe the water up from the valley.
We are grateful to you-beyond expression.
We are hoping for an improvement but thing have go from bad to worse.
We are in sympathy with his misfortune.
We are just being followed.
We are living at a time when machines do work which men used to do.
We are married, but we are still two different individual.
We are not in a position to entertain business at your price, since it is far below our cost price.
We are now in a great new era of information.
We are out of potatoes and the flour is running short.
We are pleased to extend our offer for further3 day after you receive this letter.
We are prepared to lend you the money with no strings attached.
We are puzzled by the sudden disappearance of our guide.
We are really sweat as we wait for the result.
We are sending you today by the American Railway Express, prepaid, the following books:
We are sorry that this item is out of stock for the time.
We are strong against this resolution.
We are sure you will enjoy being here, and you are cordially invited to visit with us when you have the opportunity.
We are through the initial testing period.
We are unable to make you a direct offer, as the Smith co. act as general agent for our product in your country.
We are very pleased to receive your order for our goods to the value of US$20,000.
We are willing to use foreign patent technique and equipment in the form of compensation trade.
We arranged with him to meet at the hotel at one o'clock.
We arrived safely.
We assumed that the train would be on time.
We attacked the enemy from the rear.
We beat their team with a vengeance.
We believe in his ability.
We benefit by [from] daily exercises.
We bought a run-down old house but in my mind's eye I could see what it would be like when it was restored.
We broke our journey to Rome at Venice.
We call him Xiao Wang.
We came about and went off on a new tack.
We came upon a little village sitting in the hills.
We can allow a2% discount on all orders of$600 in value and over, orders exceeding$2,000 are subject to3% discount.
We can come to some arrangement over the price.
We can feed an army tonight.
We can go for a drink first, or have a look at the factory first. What's it to be?
We can input data needed to be processed or preserved by a computer via a keyboard.
We can meet at my house or yours, just as you wish.
We can not help impressing by the majesty of the lofty mountain.
We can only supply you with20,000 yards of pure silk.
We can reconsider our price if your order is big enough.
We can see the car running in top.
We can supply most models from stock and are prepared to supply you with fine quality camera if you need it.
We can use plastics in place of wood or metal.
We can't accept that as a basis for a decision.
We can't enter into details at present.
We can't judge what he did till we know all the circumstances.
We can't rest easy until they're safely back.
We cannot accept any more work, we have more than we can cope with as it is.
We cannot find any trace of the check mention by you.
We cannot supply funds without limit.
We celebrate Mother's Day in honour of our mothers.
We charged and the enemy's front line fell back.
We climbed the mountain in three hours, which was good going.
We condole with him on [up on] his loss.
We consider it a good chance.
We could but laugh off her suspicions.
We could hear the children's voices in the garden.
We could see how excited he was by the animation in his face.
We couldn't hear her at the back of the hall because her voice doesn't carry.
We crammed more than a hundred books into the small bookcase.
We decide to let sleeping dog lie and not take them to court.
We decided to kill the rats by poisoning them.
We demanded an immediate answer of then.
We did not notice this matter until yesterday.
We didn't find it strange that no one would take the money.
We directed our attention to improving their working conditions.
We do everything with a view to safeguarding Marxism-Leninism.
We do not know when this world come into be.
We don't get to onto anatomy until next year.
We don't know which of them is going to be elected chairman, so we'd better hedge our bets and he nice to both of them.
We don't usually accept cheques, but we'll make an exception in your case.
We drive there and back on one tank of petrol.
We eat with our mouths.
We enclose herewith an inquiry sheet.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
We exchange greeting.
We expect your reply to our inquiry.
We failed miserably to agree.
We felt awe when contemplating the works of Bach. The imprisoned soldiers were in awe of their captors.
We fill with exultation in the new victory.
We finished the work among ourselves.
We flied to get over that area many times.
We found a cupboard set over the fireplace.
We found it quite a change when we moved to London.
We found the room chocked up with useless old furniture.
We gave the heave-ho all the furniture found in the flat we had just rented.
We get on very well together.
We give25% as basic discount, but can add5% for cash payment.
We go to dig in like all get—out.
We got creamed.
We got the house at a cheap price because it was almost falling down.
We greatly regret the mistake make in send you the goods.
We had a family reunion and my sister-whom I haven't seen for years-graced us with her presence.
We had a long wait, but it was worthwhile because we got the tickets.
We had a simple room with on frills, just a bed and a chest of drawers.
We had bad fogs this winter.
We had cake for dessert.
We had lived on terms of close friendship under the same roof. It was not an easy parting.
We had roasted pheasant for dinner.
We had the whole compartment to ourselves.
We had to fight the other firm for the order.
We had to sober him up before taking him home.
We hammered out our differences over a glass of beer.
We hauled up in front of the house.
We have a guided tour of the ruins.
We have a lot of thing to do today.
We have a spanking good time at his country house
We have adjusted our price and give you a special discount of3 percent.
We have an informal agreement to ride to school together.
We have be approached several times but have turn down all offer.
We have been dating for four weeks but Joe has never even make a pass at me.
We have been wired into the main system now.
We have bundled up everything.
We have cut down the non-productive expenditure.
We have disposed of the rubbish.
We have enough data in hand.
We have fallen short of rice.
We have full assurance of the results.
We have got inside information concerning the meeting.
We have heard of men celebrating their country's battles who in war were celebrated for keeping out of them.
We have just had an English lesson.
We have lost a first-rate teacher in Jim.
We have marked the play area off with a white line.
We have no clue as to where she go after she leave home.
We have no sooner set out than a thunder storm break
We have nothing further to say.
We have openings for office staff.
We have pleasure in recommend our electronic product to you and enclose herewith quotation No.28 for your consideration.
We have really plumped up these chickens.
We have reduced the unproductive spending.
We have seat at15 in the balcony.
We have signed on a hundred machine operators.
We have sublet part of our office to a financial consultancy.
We have the freedom to do as we please all afternoon.
We have thousand and one things to do before we set out for our holiday.
We have to cure ourselves of the itch for absolute knowledge and power.
We have to keep a close tab on daily sales.
We have to pass the custom before we leave.
We have to spread the issue over next meeting.
We have two ears and one mouth that we may listen the more and talk the less.
We have200 people working for us.
We haven't had a square meal for a week.
We hear the song sing in English.
We heard the story form his own lips of how he had been hard at his design.
We hereby revoke the agreement of January1st1982.
We hold the merchandise in readiness to ship on receipt of your remittance.
We hope soon to announce to you that we shall close the sale of the cambric.
We hope they have completed work.
We hope to hear from you favourably.
We hope you can show us the certificate issued by the Health Office.
We hope you'll give us an attractive price.
We hurried on to make up for lost time.
We insist on self-reliance.
We invite you to know us. That is the beginning of friendship between people---and friendship between people is the basis for friendship between governments.
We just caught the plane
We keep our music in a stack near the piano.
We knew she was always good as her promise, so we trusted her.
We know not all of us realize the importance of this step.
We laid ourselves flat when we heard the bullets whistling overhead.
We leave tomorrow but I haven't begun to pack yet!
We lifted the load by means of a crane.
We listen eagerly, for he bring news of our families.
We live in the country and keep early hours.
We located the shops and the post office as soon as we moved into the town.
We looked at the conjurer in silent conjurer.
We lost two hundred dollars, how much were you taken for?
We made allowances for his rudeness.
We made out a list of books which our students might read.
We make our way to the coast and thence by sea to France.
We managed to record the whole of the concert from a live studio broadcast.
We may compare iron wish decide which is harder.
We may take Rome in our way.
We might have a free press, but that doesn't mean all reporting is true and accurate.
We moved out on Wednesday and the new tenants moved in on Thursday.
We must all pull together, or the factory will fail.
We must arrange a convenient time and place for the meeting.
We must awake to the difficulties facing our team.
We must be talking at cross-purposes.
We must build more fields giving stable and high yields.
We must come to definite decision.
We must constitute ourselves a vigorous, loyal and public-spirited opposition party.
We must dig the vegetable garden.
We must do our bit towards protecting the environment.
We must enquire further into the matter.
We must first of all destroy the enemy effectives.
We must get her to be examined properly.
We must go cautiously, to be sure!
We must have the goods here in September for reshipment.
We must hurry in order to not be late.
We must keep fully alert.
We must keep up with the times.
We must look the facts in the face.
We must make up quite a lot of leeway if we're to finish the job on schedule.
We must not stand by with folded arms when people damage state property.
We must perform the task that has been imposed upon us.
We must put a new lock on the front door.
We must rely on our own efforts.
We must see to it that Party policies are implemented.
We must stop meeting like this people are beginning to talk!
We must take action before it is too late.
We must tell them of [about] our decision.
We must try to get to the bottom of it. Do you have any clues yet?
We must wait until his return.
We mustn't give way to these unreasonable demands.
We mustn't sit by while our neighboring Commune is short of manpower.
We need a lot of things this week.
We need democracy.
We need some boil water.
We need to cooperate perfectly to win the game.
We need workers' help.
We never know what will be"in".
We now living in a world in which robot take over much of the work.
We offer this small token by way of appreciation.
We often go for a ramble in the park after supper.
We often turn to this handbook for information on transistors.
We opened the meeting in last week.
We ought to plug away the best we can.
We owed him fifty yuan.
We pass through four countries on our way to greece.
We pay money down.
We piped the water down.
We planned to floor our room with oak.
We politely turned down the invitation.
We prefix Mr. to a man's name.
We promise to deliver your order on time.
We put a series of prime-time commercial.
We quarreled violently, and after that parted company.
We ran out of food at the party because I didn't bargain for so many people turning up.
We read about the storm in the paper today.
We receive your cheque, value$250,000 which we have pass to your credit on account.
We regard him as a fool.
We regret that we are unable to take the goods offer by you, owing to our are overstock at present.
We regret to say that your price is too high.
We relieve to see you back safe and sound.
We require a special offer for the opening of our business.
We reviewed our experience, carried on new experiments, and piled up data.
We sale only goods in al condition.
We saw a ship bearing in with the land.
We saw the missile coming our way and ducked down.
We see a few cabin by the edge of the thick forest.
We seem to be at cross-purposes. I want to ask you to dinner tomorrow, not your boss.
We sell direct from the factory to the customer and cut out the middleman.
We send off for the new catalogue.
We serve coffee in the lounge.
We shall be delighted if you'll lunch with us.
We shall be obliged if you will give us your immediate and careful attention.
We shall be victorious in despite of difficulties.
We shall discuss the problem fully before we make the decision.
We shall give you a call when you may have had a chance to come up with some suitable prospects.
We shall have to throw out a line of experienced soldiers to protect our weak front.
We shall make the plan with an eye to the future.
We shall not hear the last of it.
We shall so act that we shall have nothing to regret.
We share a small room between us.
We should always help each other.
We should be finished with the project in a few days. We’re on the last lap now.
We should capitalize on every chance we get to improver our English.
We should find peaceful ways of settling international disputes rather than appeal to arms.
We should help him out.
We should make good use of our time.
We should not kiss off our responsibility for that.
We should save unnecessary expense.
We should take steps to prevent war.
We shouldn't harbour any unrealistic notions about the talks on the so-called disarmament.
We signed out of college on Friday evening and returned on Monday morning.
We sold out our entire stock.
We sought her out to tell her of her success.
We spent every last penny we had on the house.
We stand side by side with you in this dispute.
We stayed in a hotel on the lake last night.
We stood in full view of the crowd.
We stopped to listen carefully, but we didn't hear anyone speaking.
We study hard so that we may work better.
We surmise that the delay is caused by some accident.
We take the10: 25 express to Edinburgh.
We tested it as soon as it came off the machines.
We thank you for your letter offering your service and shall like to discuss the possibility of expand trade with you.
We think him a good cadre.
We think you are a most valuable member of the team, but don't let it go to your head.
We threw all the men we had into the battle.
We took a walk an hour ago.
We trade on the principle of equality and mutual benefit.
We tried the new supermarket last week, but it's not what it's cracked up to be.
We tried to pair Mary and Robert off.
We trust that you will favour us with a trial at an early date, and await the pleasure of hearing from you.
We try to keep stock levels low during the summer.
We turned the boat round and pulled for the shore.
We use only the finest materials to make our furniture.
We used to laugh at their provincial manners. I had to laugh when I saw who my opponent was.
We usually knock off at about five o'clock.
We visited both New York and London.
We waited for the procession to go by.
We walked a few more steps and then we reached the rocky bridge that juts out from the bank.
We want peace, we want freedom, we want security we want stronger, we want freedom to gain.
We want to really know the principles of its structure.
We watch them play basketball.
We went by the shop without seeing it.
We went the long way round and they took a short cut, but we had the last laugh because they got lose!
We went to the park and spent a happy afternoon strolling around, and it didn't cost a penny.
We were all entertained by his tricks.
We were amused at the way he so frequently chopped into our conversation by saying:"I thought as much."
We were careful not to come within gunshot of the enemy.
We were down to10 gallons and we still had a long way to go.
We were fogbound at London Airport for12 hours.
We were half convinced.
We were infused with new hope.
We were more than happy to hear of your escape!
We were pestered with flies.
We were relocated to the other side of town.
We were snowed in for three days last winter.
We were surprised to see how welcome they were in the countryside.
We were turned back at the gate.
We were winning the boat race until our boat went aground(on an sand bank).
We will back you up if you put the suggestion to the meeting.
We will do it in a jiffy.
We will go next year plan surely.
We will justify our glorious past and the loyalty of silent millions who look to us for compassion, for understanding, and for honest purpose.
We will not be frightened by threats.
We will resolutely perform our internationalist duty no matter what happens.
We will try to cool the water.
We wish to add...
We wish to remind you of our letter of... in which we asked you to...
We won't give up halfway, happen what may.
We work from sun to sun.
We would have gone on the picnic if it hadn't rained.
We wouldn't bargain on John arriving soon.
We'd better enlarge the reading room by knocking through between the two small rooms.
We'd better make it snappy, if we don't want to miss the beginning of the film.
We'd better start for the hotel.
We'd like to accept the order for prompt delivery.
We'd like to renew our sole agency agreement for another two years.
We'd very much appreciate your help.
We'll be there inside an hour.
We'll change it, then. You take this one.
We'll draw on you by our documentary draft at sight on collection basis.
We'll get the water out with a suction pump.
We'll have a bottle of the house wine.
We'll have supper on the terrace.
We'll have to hurry, It's getting late.
We'll lead with the dock strike.
We'll move back to Building5 early next week.
We'll pay you half up front and the other half when you've finished the job.
We'll see if that can be arranged.
We'll spend the day looking round and leave tomorrow.
We'll try again and make sure if the supplier is prepare to give you priority with their offer.
We're a little disorganized after the move, but do come and see us when we've settled in.
We're awfully obliged to you for getting us back.
We're dying to hear what happened.
We're going to have a crazy night at a new disco pub. Are you coming?
We're having a party.
We're in for dinner tonight.
We're leaving this city; our future home will be in Paris.
We're not staying in the village, we're just passing through.
We're rather concerned about father's health.
We're staying, come hell or high water.
We're trying to bring along one or two promising young swimmers.
We're working on some wood-cuts.
We've been deceived in that boy, we thought his behavior was improving but now it's worse than ever.
We've been married for2 years.
We've covered a lot of ground today. Next time we'll have a review class.
We've finished off the last of our fuel oil.
We've got plenty of cash.
We've had a new carpet laid in the bedroom.
We've laid in enough food for the winter.
We've organized an English Club, but not all the students want to be drawn in.
We've seen quite a bit of him while you were away.
We've turned the enemy.
Wealth is no guarantee of happiness.